[![](/images/thumb/ArchimedeanYontaSquare.png/80px-
ArchimedeanYontaSquare.png?a7b6f)](/w/Archimedean_Yonta "Archimedean Yonta")

_“Very well. Keep your secrets.”_

This article/section contains unofficial information, concepts, or terminology
derived from or based on community discussion, invention, or knowledge. It may
be subjective and contain information or terminology that is not used by
[Digital Extremes](/w/Digital_Extremes "Digital Extremes") or in official
[WARFRAME](/w/WARFRAME "WARFRAME") communications, and may not be an
officially recognized concept.

[![](/images/thumb/AladVPortrait_d.png/80px-
AladVPortrait_d.png?735eb)](/w/Alad_V "Alad V")

_“You're not supposed to be in here! You're going to ruin the surprise!”_

The following article/section contains spoilers.

[![](/images/thumb/Sgt_Nef_AnyoIcon.png/80px-
Sgt_Nef_AnyoIcon.png?a6b46)](/w/Sgt._Nef_Anyo "Sgt. Nef Anyo")

_“Orokin secrets cannot remain secret forever! Start talking!”_

The following article or section is **conjecture**. The contents of this
article or section may contain unverified gameplay anecdotes, or unofficial
interpretations of the game's lore. Content is subject to change or removal as
development progresses. Please do not use this as a primary reference for
critical information.

## Contents

  * 1 Transcripts
  * 2 Orokin Era
    * 2.1 The Zariman Ten Zero Incident
    * 2.2 Margulis and the Zariman Children
    * 2.3 The Birth of the Sentients
    * 2.4 The Old War
    * 2.5 Development of Warframes
    * 2.6 Margulis, the Zariman Children, and Ballas' Warframes
    * 2.7 Ballas' Rebellion and Allying With Hunhow
    * 2.8 The Collapse
    * 2.9 Current Warframe Era
  * 3 Warframe Era
    * 3.1 Tenno Awakening
      * 3.1.1 Awakening
      * 3.1.2 Vor's Prize
      * 3.1.3 Once Awake
      * 3.1.4 The Archwing
    * 3.2 Discovery of the Arcane Machine
      * 3.2.1 Stolen Dreams
      * 3.2.2 The New Strange
    * 3.3 The Revelation
      * 3.3.1 Natah
      * 3.3.2 The Second Dream
      * 3.3.3 The War Within
      * 3.3.4 Chains of Harrow
    * 3.4 The Lotus' Disappearance
      * 3.4.1 Apostasy Prologue
      * 3.4.2 The Sacrifice
    * 3.5 Prelude to War
      * 3.5.1 Chimera Prologue
      * 3.5.2 Alad V's Amalgams
      * 3.5.3 Erra
      * 3.5.4 The Maker
      * 3.5.5 Operation: Scarlet Spear
      * 3.5.6 Operation: Orphix Venom
    * 3.6 The New War
      * 3.6.1 Veilbreaker
      * 3.6.2 The Duviri Paradox
    * 3.7 Post-New War
      * 3.7.1 Angels of the Zariman
      * 3.7.2 Whispers in the Walls
      * 3.7.3 The Lotus Eaters
      * 3.7.4 The Hex
  * 4 Alad V Arc
    * 4.1 The Zanuka Project
      * 4.1.1 The Gradivus Dilemma
      * 4.1.2 The Hunt For Alad V
      * 4.1.3 Suspicious Shipments
    * 4.2 The Mutalist Experiments
      * 4.2.1 Operation: Breeding Grounds
      * 4.2.2 Operation: Mutalist Incursions
      * 4.2.3 Patient Zero
      * 4.2.4 Operation: Tubemen of Regor
    * 4.3 Post Second Dream
      * 4.3.1 Operation: Shadow Debt
  * 5 References

“  | They were called Tenno. Warriors of blade and gun: masters of the Warframe armor. Those that survived the old war were left drifting among the ruins. Now they are needed once more. The Grineer, with their vast armies, are spreading throughout the solar system. A call echoes across the stars summoning the Tenno to an ancient place. They summon you. Allow the Lotus to guide you. She has rescued you from your cryostasis chamber and given you a chance to survive. The Grineer will find you; you must be prepared. The Lotus will teach you the ways of the Warframes and the secrets to unlocking their powers. Come Tenno, you must join the war.  | ”
---|---|---
—[Official website](https://www.warframe.com/game)

While we were able to find solid and legitimate supporting evidence for
essentially the whole story as it is written, this interpretation comes from a
variety of sources, and each of those pieces of information was likely written
by a number of different people. This article strives to be more than a simple
compendium of disparate lore tidbits. We took in all of the various bits of
lore information and documented them in a chronological and readable way to
produce the most complete story possible.

This page will be regularly updated as the developers, [Digital
Extremes](/w/Digital_Extremes "Digital Extremes"), release more information.
In addition, due to the nature of [unreliable
narrators](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unreliable_narrators
"wikipedia:Unreliable narrators"), content is subjected to change.

## Transcripts[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=1&veaction=edit "Edit section: Transcripts") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=1 "Edit section's source code: Transcripts")]

  * [A Favor For Darvo/Transcript](/w/A_Favor_For_Darvo/Transcript "A Favor For Darvo/Transcript")
  * [A Man of Few Words/Transcript](/w/A_Man_of_Few_Words/Transcript "A Man of Few Words/Transcript")
  * [Angels of the Zariman/Transcript](/w/Angels_of_the_Zariman/Transcript "Angels of the Zariman/Transcript")
  * [Apostasy Prologue/Transcript](/w/Apostasy_Prologue/Transcript "Apostasy Prologue/Transcript")
  * [Awakening/Transcript](/w/Awakening/Transcript "Awakening/Transcript")
  * [Call of the Tempestarii/Transcript](/w/Call_of_the_Tempestarii/Transcript "Call of the Tempestarii/Transcript")
  * [Chains of Harrow/Transcript](/w/Chains_of_Harrow/Transcript "Chains of Harrow/Transcript")
  * [Chimera Prologue/Transcript](/w/Chimera_Prologue/Transcript "Chimera Prologue/Transcript")
  * [Erra (Quest)/Transcript](/w/Erra_\(Quest\)/Transcript "Erra \(Quest\)/Transcript")
  * [Heart of Deimos/Transcript](/w/Heart_of_Deimos/Transcript "Heart of Deimos/Transcript")
  * [Hidden Messages/Transcript](/w/Hidden_Messages/Transcript "Hidden Messages/Transcript")
  * [Howl of the Kubrow/Transcript](/w/Howl_of_the_Kubrow/Transcript "Howl of the Kubrow/Transcript")
  * [Jade Shadows/Transcript](/w/Jade_Shadows/Transcript "Jade Shadows/Transcript")
  * [Mask of the Revenant/Transcript](/w/Mask_of_the_Revenant/Transcript "Mask of the Revenant/Transcript")
  * [Natah (Quest)/Transcript](/w/Natah_\(Quest\)/Transcript "Natah \(Quest\)/Transcript")
  * [Octavia's Anthem/Transcript](/w/Octavia%27s_Anthem/Transcript "Octavia's Anthem/Transcript")
  * [Once Awake/Transcript](/w/Once_Awake/Transcript "Once Awake/Transcript")
  * [Patient Zero/Transcript](/w/Patient_Zero/Transcript "Patient Zero/Transcript")
  * [Prelude to War/Transcript](/w/Prelude_to_War/Transcript "Prelude to War/Transcript")
  * [Rising Tide/Transcript](/w/Rising_Tide/Transcript "Rising Tide/Transcript")
  * [Sands of Inaros/Transcript](/w/Sands_of_Inaros/Transcript "Sands of Inaros/Transcript")
  * [Saya's Vigil/Transcript](/w/Saya%27s_Vigil/Transcript "Saya's Vigil/Transcript")
  * [Stolen Dreams/Transcript](/w/Stolen_Dreams/Transcript "Stolen Dreams/Transcript")
  * [The Archwing/Transcript](/w/The_Archwing/Transcript "The Archwing/Transcript")
  * [The Deadlock Protocol/Transcript](/w/The_Deadlock_Protocol/Transcript "The Deadlock Protocol/Transcript")
  * [The Duviri Paradox/Transcript](/w/The_Duviri_Paradox/Transcript "The Duviri Paradox/Transcript")
  * [The Glast Gambit/Transcript](/w/The_Glast_Gambit/Transcript "The Glast Gambit/Transcript")
  * [The Hex (Quest)/Transcript](/w/The_Hex_\(Quest\)/Transcript "The Hex \(Quest\)/Transcript")
  * [The Jordas Precept/Transcript](/w/The_Jordas_Precept/Transcript "The Jordas Precept/Transcript")
  * [The Limbo Theorem/Transcript](/w/The_Limbo_Theorem/Transcript "The Limbo Theorem/Transcript")
  * [The Lotus Eaters/Transcript](/w/The_Lotus_Eaters/Transcript "The Lotus Eaters/Transcript")
  * [The Maker/Transcript](/w/The_Maker/Transcript "The Maker/Transcript")
  * [The New Strange/Transcript](/w/The_New_Strange/Transcript "The New Strange/Transcript")
  * [The New War/Transcript](/w/The_New_War/Transcript "The New War/Transcript")
  * [The Sacrifice/Transcript](/w/The_Sacrifice/Transcript "The Sacrifice/Transcript")
  * [The Second Dream/Transcript](/w/The_Second_Dream/Transcript "The Second Dream/Transcript")
  * [The Silver Grove/Transcript](/w/The_Silver_Grove/Transcript "The Silver Grove/Transcript")
  * [The War Within/Transcript](/w/The_War_Within/Transcript "The War Within/Transcript")
  * [The Waverider/Transcript](/w/The_Waverider/Transcript "The Waverider/Transcript")
  * [Ties That Bind/Transcript](/w/Ties_That_Bind/Transcript "Ties That Bind/Transcript")
  * [Veilbreaker/Transcript](/w/Veilbreaker/Transcript "Veilbreaker/Transcript")
  * [Vor's Prize/Transcript](/w/Vor%27s_Prize/Transcript "Vor's Prize/Transcript")
  * [Vox Solaris (Quest)/Transcript](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Quest\)/Transcript "Vox Solaris \(Quest\)/Transcript")
  * [Whispers in the Walls/Transcript](/w/Whispers_in_the_Walls/Transcript "Whispers in the Walls/Transcript")
  * [Zariman ARG/Transcript](/w/Zariman_ARG/Transcript "Zariman ARG/Transcript")

## Orokin Era[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=2&veaction=edit "Edit section: Orokin Era") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=2 "Edit section's source code: Orokin Era")]

[![](/images/thumb/106_by_sbigham-dbqynav.jpg/300px-106_by_sbigham-
dbqynav.jpg?c9ca3)](/w/File:106_by_sbigham-dbqynav.jpg)An Orokin tower

Long before current events, the [Origin System](/w/Star_Chart "Star Chart")
was controlled by a highly advanced and stratified human civilization called
the [Orokin](/w/Orokin "Orokin") Empire, whose capital was on [Earth](/w/Earth
"Earth")'s moon, now known as [Lua](/w/Lua "Lua"). The eponymous aristocratic
ruling class of this civilization was dominant for an extended period over the
System — perhaps for centuries or millennia[1].

They were known for their mastery of biotechnology and gene manipulation, to
the degree that they created a caste of cloned workers, the
[Grineer](/w/Grineer "Grineer"), that were genetically programmed to obey
their Orokin masters.[2] They were also known for their skill in merging
organic material with the inorganic, as seen with the [living Orokin
Towers](/w/Unum "Unum") or the [Infestation](/w/Infestation "Infestation") —
an engineered infectious techno-organic parasite that subverts, mutates, and
assimilates any biological or synthetic matter into a new infested
lifeform.[3] They spent a great deal of time building large outposts
throughout the Origin System[4] as well as performing numerous genetic
experiments of creatures found on Earth.[5][6] It was during this era that the
[Void](/w/Void "Void") was discovered, a parallel dimension whose contents
allowed for further developments of Orokin technology into fantastical
heights[7], spearheaded by the famous [Entrati](/w/Entrati "Entrati")
family.[8]

The benefits of the Orokin's advancements were, however, not shared equally
among all members of their society. The rigid hierarchy allowed for only a few
lucky individuals to live fairly comfortably as servants, scholars, and
enforcers for the Orokin elite. Though these servants were still subjected to
the whims of their often cruel masters, the rest of the population were
exploited for labor and used as disposable soldiers, as well as subjects for
experiments.[9] There were families of farmers who toiled for their Orokin
masters for generations, the Orokin exploiting their harsh manual labor to
build their empire and fuel their whims, giving little compensation of their
honest work in return.[10] Many of these farmer families — and others
belonging to the lower classes — would eventually congregate together under
the teachings of [Parvos Granum](/w/Parvos_Granum "Parvos Granum"), forming
the [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") and adopting its doctrine: the belief that
anyone has the right to achieve fortune regardless of their social status.[11]

Orokin culture was centered around aesthetics, elegance, and beauty.[12] Among
the Orokin ruling class there was also a focus on youth and
extravagance.[13][14]

At some point, the empire began to look to populate other star systems,
particularly **[Tau](/w/Tau "Tau")** , presumably to quell their problems of
overpopulation, overconsumption of resources, and pollution of the natural
world[15].

### The [Zariman Ten Zero](/w/Zariman_Ten_Zero "Zariman Ten Zero") Incident[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=3&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Zariman Ten Zero Incident") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=3 "Edit section's source code: The Zariman Ten Zero Incident")]

[![](/images/thumb/Vitruvian_Zariman.png/356px-
Vitruvian_Zariman.png?f251b)](/w/File:Vitruvian_Zariman.png)Zariman schematic
as seen in the [Vitruvian](/w/Vitruvian "Vitruvian")
[![](/images/thumb/AF0F9A9D-2886-44A0-A210-C243D55356B8.jpeg/300px-
AF0F9A9D-2886-44A0-A210-C243D55356B8.jpeg?6873c)](/w/File:AF0F9A9D-2886-44A0-A210-C243D55356B8.jpeg)Zariman
as seen in [Rell](/w/Rell_\(Webcomic\) "Rell \(Webcomic\)") webcomic

The Orokin continued experimenting with the Void. At some point, an experiment
was conducted where a colony ship containing a large group of people and their
families was directed into the Void in an attempt to travel to and populate
the Tau System.[16] The ship was lost and it was many years before the ship
resurfaced.[17]

Due to Void exposure, the adults on the ship became crazed, hunting down the
children.[18] The children, however, had survived exposure to the Void,
retaining their sanity, but they had changed during the process. The children
developed uncontrollable Void related powers that were capable of mutilating
or killing anyone who came into contact with them. In self-defense, the
children killed the unhinged adults, even their own parents, being traumatized
for what they did.[19][20]

After the rediscovery of the ship, the Zariman children were deemed dangerous
by the Orokin. They were hidden away[21] and forgotten out of shame and fear,
being known as "Void demons". The Zariman children became known later as the
[Tenno](/w/Tenno "Tenno"), called such for the Zariman ship's designation of
Ten-Zero (Ten-0).[22]

### Margulis and the Zariman Children[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=4&veaction=edit "Edit section: Margulis and the Zariman Children") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=4 "Edit section's source code: Margulis and the Zariman Children")]

[Margulis](/w/Margulis "Margulis") was an [Archimedean](/w/Archimedean
"Archimedean"), a human of great intellect, and a prominent geneticist.
Margulis discovered the Tenno and adopted them as her own, empathizing with
their suffering. She sought out a means for the Tenno to control their powers
and interact with the world normally.[23] Margulis received some opposition
for her work and was advised by her secret lover[24], the Orokin Executor
[Ballas](/w/Ballas "Ballas"), to cease her research and forget the Tenno. She
refused and continued her research. Eventually, Margulis imposed
["gates"](/w/Reservoir "Reservoir") on the Tenno's powers and created the
Dream, a state of dreamy but lucid consciousness in a cold, dark environment,
which helped bring their Void powers under some control, but this was not
before an incident where she was maimed by the same Void powers which left her
blind.[25]

### The Birth of the Sentients[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=5&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Birth of the Sentients") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=5 "Edit section's source code: The Birth of the Sentients")]

The Orokin had long since realized that they were bringing harm to the Origin
System and still required a solution for "[The Plan](/w/Detron_Crewman "Detron
Crewman")" of colonising the Tau System, after the failure of the Zariman
mission. A reliable means of traveling to Tau needed to be developed, as would
Tau need to be terraformed for habitation. It was proposed by Archimedean
Perintol that he could contribute to "The Plan" with his new creations. He
proposed the creation of a race of synthetic beings, which later evolved into
beings known as the [Sentients](/w/Sentient "Sentient"), to spearhead an
expansion of Orokin influence beyond the Origin System into the Tau System. By
reaching the Tau System using the Sentients, and beginning terraforming
operations for their arrival, the Orokin sought to expand and prevent their
empire's destruction.[26]

[![](/images/SentientMeleeTrooper.png?4c8f4)](/w/File:SentientMeleeTrooper.png)Sentient
fighter

These original creations could adapt to any kind of damage and reproduced by
[fission](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fission_\(biology\) "wikipedia:Fission
\(biology\)") while developing resistance to whatever had harmed them, making
them the perfect tool to cross the perilous journey to Tau,[27] building a
[Solar Rail](/w/Solar_Rail "Solar Rail") along the way. They could also use
any materials surrounding them to repair themselves. As a result, these
Sentient-precursors would also be useful to enter the hostile terrain of Tau
and begin the terraforming process. However, there was a risk that these new
lifeforms, with their adaptability and reproductive capabilities, could evolve
into living, thinking machines and turn against the Orokin. Such ventures were
forbidden under Orokin Law[28][29]. Archimedean Perintol said that there was
an intentional "flaw" in their design; the [Void](/w/Void "Void"), a working
principle of the solar rail that would connect the Origin System to Tau, was
poisonous to them, and so they would not be a danger to the Orokin should
something go wrong.

The machines in Tau evolved and grew into the Sentients, gaining their
namesake sentience along the way to Tau.[30] Realizing that their Orokin
creators would only bring ruin to Tau eventually as well, they rebelled.[31]
Exposure to the Void, which they needed to travel through to return to the
Origin System, did not kill the Sentients but merely rendered them sterile,
unable to reproduce.[32][33] The Sentients under their leader
[Hunhow](/w/Hunhow "Hunhow") would start the rebellion, thus what would become
known as The Old War began.

### The Old War[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=6&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Old War") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=6 "Edit section's source code: The Old War")]

[![](/images/thumb/ExcaliburPrimeInErraQuest.png/267px-
ExcaliburPrimeInErraQuest.png?ed214)](/w/File:ExcaliburPrimeInErraQuest.png)Excalibur
Prime fighting a Sentient fighter on Lua

From this point, The Old War erupted between the Orokin and the Sentients.
With their ability to subvert high levels of technology, the Sentient quickly
overwhelmed the Orokin.[34][35] There were attempts to militarize their
[Grineer](/w/Grineer "Grineer") slaves[36] which also failed as a
countermeasure. The Orokin quickly discovered that their method of fighting
proved ineffective against the faction.[37]

The Corpus faction grew to the point where they were in the business of war-
profiteering, developing and selling technology for the war effort. As such,
the Orokin were aware of the Corpus existence, calling them "Industrialists"
and a "merchant cult", and monitored their movements, due to their potential
influence over the Orokin System.[38][39]

### Development of Warframes[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=7&veaction=edit "Edit section: Development of Warframes") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=7 "Edit section's source code: Development of Warframes")]

Faced with losing the war and with their technology useless, the Orokin needed
to create something new that could aptly fight the Sentients. At first, they
developed [Necramechs](/w/Necramech "Necramech"), autonomous and remote-
controlled machines with heavy weaponry, Void [shielding](/w/Shield "Shield"),
and immunity to Sentient [Orphix](/w/Orphix "Orphix") pulses.[40] These
machines were eventually retired due to their lack of adaptability.

In their desperation, the Orokin were forced to unearth their forbidden
knowledge of the Infestation that once destroyed their colonies in the past
due to an uncontrolled outbreak.[35]

At some point, Ballas began researching new uses for the Infestation by
experimenting on willing and unwilling subjects drawn from [Orokin
warriors](/w/Dax "Dax") and other castes. Ultimately, this research led to the
creation of Warframes — human subjects mutated through a specially engineered
strain of the Infestation called [Helminth](/w/Helminth "Helminth").[41]
However, while the new Warframes were powerful and initially did well against
the Sentients, they retained some remnants of their former consciousness. The
echoes of their lost selves manifested as intense rage and despair, making
them unpredictable and just as likely to turn against their Orokin
masters.[21]

### Margulis, the Zariman Children, and Ballas' Warframes[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=8&veaction=edit "Edit section: Margulis, the Zariman Children, and Ballas' Warframes") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=8 "Edit section's source code: Margulis, the Zariman Children, and Ballas' Warframes")]

Through events involving experiments on a Warframe similar to
[Rhino](/w/Rhino/Prime "Rhino/Prime")[21], the Orokin came to the conclusion
that the Warframes alone were as uncontrollable as the Sentients, but realized
that through Transference, another mind could take control of a Warframe, a
process that would later be developed into a technology by Margulis.

Margulis' research eventually led her to work with an Archimedean specializing
in [Infestation](/w/Infestation "Infestation") manipulation named
[Silvana](/w/Silvana "Silvana").[42] Together they intended to develop a
substitute body for the Tenno and allow them to move freely and interact with
the world, as a part of Transference Therapy. As only the Zariman children
were capable of carrying out Transference safely, being able to empathize with
the Warframe's traumatic experiences, they were intended by the Orokin[43] to
become the new "operators" of the Warframes, a distant mind synchronized with
a surrogate body.[41] Margulis came at odds with the Orokin, refusing to
develop war machines that exploited the children's powers, and commiting
Apostasy[44]. Meanwhile, Silvana was forced to continue her development of
Warframes like [Titania](/w/Titania "Titania")[45]. It was demanded that
Margulis recant before The Seven, members of the judicial branch of the
empire. Despite Ballas' pleas that she recant, Margulis continued to refuse
and asked Ballas to save her. Ballas could not save Margulis and as a result,
she was executed using the [Jade Light](/w/Jade_Light "Jade Light").[46]
Ballas was filled with grief and realized that he wanted Margulis back.
Heartbroken at Margulis' execution, Ballas began planning to overthrow the
Orokin.[47]

[![](/images/thumb/WhatRemainsComic8-10.jpg/269px-
WhatRemainsComic8-10.jpg?5b708)](/w/File:WhatRemainsComic8-10.jpg)[![](/images/thumb/Mag_PrimeIcon272.png/31px-
Mag_PrimeIcon272.png?504bb)](/w/Mag/Prime "Mag/Prime") [Mag
Prime](/w/Mag/Prime "Mag/Prime") in an [Odonata Prime](/w/Odonata_Prime
"Odonata Prime") fighting Sentients

The Zariman children were trained into the fighting force known as the
**Tenno** , serving their Orokin masters but bound by honor. Through
Transference, they wielded Warframes to wage war against the Sentients,
proving to be highly effective. Abiding by combat disciplines taught by the
newly founded Tenno [Focus](/w/Focus "Focus") Schools, Tenno-operated
Warframes were equipped with melee and ballistic weapons to circumvent the
Sentient interference of high-tech weaponry.[48] With the help of the Tenno,
the Orokin managed to turn the tide of war over several lifetimes[49], leaving
the Sentients helpless against the combination of archaic combat techniques
and Void powers employed by the Tenno, that is until Ballas defected.

### Ballas' Rebellion and Allying With Hunhow[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=9&veaction=edit "Edit section: Ballas' Rebellion and Allying With Hunhow") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=9 "Edit section's source code: Ballas' Rebellion and Allying With Hunhow")]

[![](/images/thumb/Sgt_Nef_AnyoIcon.png/80px-
Sgt_Nef_AnyoIcon.png?a6b46)](/w/Sgt._Nef_Anyo "Sgt. Nef Anyo")

_“Orokin secrets cannot remain secret forever! Start talking!”_

The following article or section is **conjecture**. The contents of this
article or section may contain unverified gameplay anecdotes, or unofficial
interpretations of the game's lore. Content is subject to change or removal as
development progresses. Please do not use this as a primary reference for
critical information.

Unclear about the order of events with new info from
[Ropalolyst](/w/Ropalolyst "Ropalolyst") dialogue and [Erra
(Quest)](/w/Erra_\(Quest\) "Erra \(Quest\)"). In particular, when did the
Orokin reprogram Natah, when did Hunhow 'die', and when did the Tenno turn on
their Orokin masters? Was it under Lotus' command that the Tenno killed off
the Orokin if the Orokin were the ones who reprogrammed Natah?

[Octavia's Anthem/Transcript](/w/Octavia%27s_Anthem/Transcript "Octavia's
Anthem/Transcript"): "The Naga drum sounded, subversive, unknown. Coordinating
the slaughter of your masters across the gap. Did you end our war? Or merely
set the stage for the next?" planned by the Tenno, Natah may not know the
truth during Ropalolyst, the betrayal happened after the war (Stalker codex)
so Hunhow had been defeated (but did that end the war?)

As I understand it: return of Sentients, techno panic, Necramechs made (too
predictable), Warframes made (too unreliable), Tenno transferred (just right),
sentient beatdown, Ballas betrayal, Sentient plan/'sequence', Natah born,
Hunhow & Natah cross gap (Hunhow as cover?), Natah betrays (Tenno stay in
trances, can be used as weapons twice at once), Erra 'killed?', Hunhow
shatters, Orokin 'win'/Sentients retreat, Tenno kill everyone at once
(coordinated by drums), Collapse. [Giga Martin](/w/User:Giga_Martin "User:Giga
Martin") ([talk](/w/User_talk:Gigamicro?action=edit&redlink=1 "User
talk:Gigamicro \(page does not exist\)")) 03:04, 4 January 2021 (UTC)


Ballas, with the intention of destroying the Orokin Empire, began to conspire
with [Hunhow](/w/Hunhow "Hunhow"). In a series of [Vitruvian](/w/Vitruvian
"Vitruvian") recordings, Ballas revealed to Hunhow the secret weakness of the
hitherto unstoppable Warframes — the Tenno operators themselves. The Tenno,
sequestered in a semi-conscious Transference state in the
[Reservoir](/w/Reservoir "Reservoir") on Lua, would be unable to protect
themselves in such a state. Hence, Natah, Hunhow's daughter, was born as a
last-ditch attempt to destroy the Tenno. Being a unique breed of
[Mimic](/w/Mimic "Mimic") Sentients, she is able to visually morph into
whatever form she likes.[50] So she mimicked Margulis' appearance[51],
allowing her to serve as a spy and infiltrate the Orokin backlines.

Lotus used the Tenno against her Sentient brethren,[52] although this may
simply have been part of Ballas and Hunhow's original plan, given that her
manipulation was done by Ballas[53]. Meanwhile, the Sentients' leader, Hunhow,
sacrificed himself in a final battle over the waters of [Uranus](/w/Uranus
"Uranus")[32]. However, this plan of Hunhow was either unknown to Erra or had
been partially led astray by Ballas' imperfect[54] fundamental reprogramming
of Natah, causing Erra to be troubled by the defeat of Sentients at Natah's
directive. This led Erra to infiltrate the reservoir in a panic, pleading
Natah to return to him, her only remaining family[55]. However, due to her
reprogramming, Natah believed herself to only be the Lotus and ordered the
Tenno to kill Erra. The Orokin then imprisoned the Lotus in an isolated
chamber on Lua where she commanded the Tenno forces.[56]

As high-ranking Orokin gathered in the [Outer Terminus](/w/Outer_Terminus
"Outer Terminus") of [Pluto](/w/Pluto "Pluto") to celebrate their 'victory'
against the Sentients, [![](/images/thumb/OctaviaIcon272.png/31px-
OctaviaIcon272.png?ad6d4)](/w/Octavia "Octavia") [Octavia](/w/Octavia
"Octavia") sounded the Naga Drums, signaling the Tenno under the leadership of
the Lotus to betray the Orokin[57][58], motivated largely to retaliate for the
execution of Margulis[59], killing most of the Executors and members of the
Council.[60] This triggered a historical event known as The Collapse which led
to the fall of the Orokin Empire.[61][62]

### The Collapse[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=10&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Collapse") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=10 "Edit section's source code: The Collapse")]

[![](/images/Photo-4.png?26aed)](/w/File:Photo-4.png)The Lotus

With the Orokin leaders dead or missing, Natah's final goal was to finally
destroy the Tenno. However, she had previously been caught by the Orokin and
was reprogrammed to be similar to Margulis and retain her memories, perhaps
exploiting a "gap" in her systems from crossing through the Void.[63][64][52]
Natah's identity was subverted as a result, becoming the [Lotus](/w/Lotus
"Lotus"), mother and guide to the Tenno. However, her particular motivation by
the "gap" might have been a lie that was additionally programmed into her, to
avoid her from questioning her identity.[65][66]

As such, she did not kill the Tenno.[67] Abandoning her final objective, she
phased the moon, which also housed the Reservoir, into the Void to keep it out
of Sentient reach, as well as masking its location with some sort of cloaking
technology to protect the Tenno from tracking by any remnant enemies.[68]
After fending off against what was left of the Sentient forces in the system,
the Lotus commanded most Warframes around the Origin System, if possible, to
be put into cryosleep, to preserve their bodies, although many Warframes were
left in the open. The Long Dream[69] was used to put the Tenno as well in a
cryosleep-like state, preserving them, and effectively ending The Old War.
Some still roamed about, with the occasional mission to hunt down remaining
Orokin leaders as seen with [![](/images/thumb/GrendelIcon272.png/31px-
GrendelIcon272.png?a4344)](/w/Grendel "Grendel") [Grendel](/w/Grendel
"Grendel").[70]

Without centralized power, groups of people who were once oppressed were now
free from the empire's shackles. In the resulting power vacuum, the Origin
System saw conflict between many factions to claim domination over the
territory and resources once controlled by the Orokin.[71] There were attempts
to rebuild the collapsed empire[72], but these plans were squandered by
dissident groups that would eventually evolve into the [Grineer](/w/Grineer
"Grineer") and [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") factions we know today.

The Grineer took advantage of the chaos to initiate revolts all across the
system.[60] They stole Orokin ships[72], weapons, and managed to secure the
cloning technologies that created them. During this period, the outcast
[Orokin Twins](/w/Grineer_Queens "Grineer Queens") used this opportunity to
enact revenge and began to amass armies of loyal Grineer to their cause, which
eventually led to their joint ruling of the Grineer.[73]

The Corpus, in the name of profit, eventually made a grab for the system
shortly after the Grineer rose to power, quickly occupying wrecks and crash
sites on various planets to scavenge Orokin technology and grow.[74] The two
factions eventually grew in strength and became equals. While the Corpus began
to trade technology with the Grineer in exchange for raw materials and
currency[75], the two groups continued to compete and skirmish
intermittently[74], with planetary [invasions](/w/Invasion "Invasion")
occurring to this day.

With the collapse of the Orokin empire, the Infestation was left uncontrolled
in isolated Orokin ships to spread freely across the Origin System with the
occasional outbreaks.[76] The extent of their reach is unknown, but their
presence was not insignificant.[77]

### Current Warframe Era[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=11&veaction=edit "Edit section: Current Warframe Era") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=11 "Edit section's source code: Current Warframe Era")]

Some indeterminate number of millennia later[78][79][80], the Corpus are
widely considered the governing force in economics and research, with the
Grineer dominating the system with their military might and brutality. The
Grineer both fight with the Corpus for power and buy manufacturing supplies to
support their military development.[81] At one time, the Infested had all but
conquered a few of the Origin System's planets but have been pushed back to
their residence on drifting ancient [Orokin Derelicts](/w/Orokin_Derelict
"Orokin Derelict") and recently conquered [Eris](/w/Eris "Eris"), apart from
the occasional outbreak on populated planets.[82][_[citation
needed](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Help:Cite "mw:Help:Cite")_] All that is
left of the Orokin are their terraforming efforts such as on the [Orb
Vallis](/w/Orb_Vallis "Orb Vallis"), [Venus](/w/Venus "Venus"), the few
standing structures such as the Orokin Tower [Unum](/w/Unum "Unum"), forgotten
[Prime](/w/Prime "Prime") weapons they built, and Tower ships stranded in the
[Void](/w/Orokin_Void "Orokin Void").

The Corpus now exist as money-worshiping corporations with workers worshiping
the very idea of a profit. Individuals like [Nef Anyo](/w/Nef_Anyo "Nef Anyo")
act as religious evangelist-like leaders for the normal Corpus worker. In the
meantime, the Grineer research ways to overcome their [genetic
degradation](/w/Cloning_Decay_Syndrome "Cloning Decay Syndrome") caused by
many generations of repeated cloning. At one point, Grineer researcher [Tyl
Regor](/w/Tyl_Regor "Tyl Regor") finds and breaks open a tomb on Uranus where
an ancient Sentient was held within, unknowingly reawakening an old enemy of
the Origin System.[83]

[Syndicate](/w/Syndicate "Syndicate") factions also emerged, each with their
own ideology on the fate of the Origin System amidst the glaring conflict
between [Grineer](/w/Grineer "Grineer") and [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus")
empires from [seeking the restoration of humanity on Earth](/w/New_Loka "New
Loka") to [a system-wide purge to restore peace](/w/Red_Veil "Red Veil").

The Tenno are being reawakened by the Lotus, not remembering anything of their
past, possibly due to the abrupt awakening[84]. These Tenno awake from
dormancy already connected to a Warframe that the Lotus informs them how to
use, and so are unaware of their true nature, enabled by the lack of memory.
They are then set loose upon the Origin System, either alone or in small
squads to tackle a wide variety of missions designated by the Lotus to
maintain a balance between the Grineer and Corpus factions or to quell
Infested uprisings.[85][86]

## Warframe Era[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=12&veaction=edit "Edit section: Warframe Era") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=12 "Edit section's source code: Warframe Era")]

### Tenno Awakening[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=13&veaction=edit "Edit section: Tenno Awakening") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=13 "Edit section's source code: Tenno Awakening")]

#### Awakening[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=14&veaction=edit "Edit section: Awakening") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=14 "Edit section's source code: Awakening")]

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Awakening§
Synopsis](/w/Awakening#Synopsis "Awakening"). To change it, please [edit the
transcluded page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Awakening?action=edit)._

For countless centuries, the Tenno have been dormant, but with the Grineer
Empire on the rise, the [Lotus](/w/Lotus "Lotus") begins tracking down and
awakening the Tenno. Unfortunately for the Lotus, [Captain Vor](/w/Captain_Vor
"Captain Vor") has been one step ahead of her so far and has been killing off
the Tenno as they awaken, before they are strong enough to stop him. His
latest find takes him to [Earth](/w/Earth "Earth"), near an [Ostron](/w/Ostron
"Ostron") village, where he finds a dormant Tenno just as the Lotus reawakens
them.

This time, however, he has a different plan—to capture said Tenno. He attaches
an [Ascaris](/w/Ascaris "Ascaris") device to the Warframe, ordering his
soldiers to spare it; he intends to use the Ascaris to control the Tenno, and
take it to the [Twin Queens](/w/Twin_Queens "Twin Queens") as his prize.
Presumably the first of many or a proof of concept, Vor would then seek to
capture more Tenno; once armed with loyal Tenno soldiers, the Grineer Empire
would become unstoppable.

The player must evade Vor and his soldiers, arm themselves, restore a
[ship](/w/Orbiter "Orbiter") to functioning order with the help of ship
[Cephalon](/w/Cephalon "Cephalon") [Ordis](/w/Ordis "Ordis"), and ultimately
confront Vor to put a stop to his plans.

#### Vor's Prize[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=15&veaction=edit "Edit section: Vor's Prize") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=15 "Edit section's source code: Vor's Prize")]

[![](/images/thumb/CaptainVorFK.png/300px-
CaptainVorFK.png?17445)](/w/File:CaptainVorFK.png)Captain Vor

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Vor's Prize§
Synopsis](/w/Vor%27s_Prize#Synopsis "Vor's Prize"). To change it, please [edit
the transcluded page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Vor%27s_Prize?action=edit)._

Continuing with their efforts to stop [Captain Vor](/w/Captain_Vor "Captain
Vor"), the newly awakened [Tenno](/w/Tenno "Tenno") travels around
[Earth](/w/Earth "Earth"), looking for parts to repair their
[Orbiter](/w/Orbiter "Orbiter") ship with. With the help of ship
[Cephalon](/w/Cephalon "Cephalon") [Ordis](/w/Ordis "Ordis") at the helm, they
manage to rescue a [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") black marketeer named
[Darvo](/w/Darvo "Darvo") who was imprisoned by the [Grineer](/w/Grineer
"Grineer") for being sympathetic to the Tenno cause. Darvo helps the Tenno
retrieve ship segments that unlock basic functionality such as
[Market](/w/Market "Market") or [Foundry](/w/Foundry "Foundry") access.

In the end, the Tenno successfully disables the Ascaris device, freeing them
from Vor's control. However, the device has an anti-tampering failsafe that
will cause it to detonate if it is not disarmed. They then seek to assassinate
the captain, defeating him on a mining asteroid off Earth's orbit, ultimately
disarming the Ascaris device.

The [Lotus](/w/Lotus "Lotus") counts on the Tenno to travel across the [Star
Chart](/w/Star_Chart "Star Chart") to bring balance to the Origin System from
the dominating forces of the Grineer and Corpus factions.

#### Once Awake[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=16&veaction=edit "Edit section: Once Awake") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=16 "Edit section's source code: Once Awake")]

[![](/images/QuadrupedAvatar.png?de442)](/w/File:QuadrupedAvatar.png)Infested
Charger

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Once Awake§
Synopsis](/w/Once_Awake#Synopsis "Once Awake"). To change it, please [edit the
transcluded page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Once_Awake?action=edit)._

[Dr. Tengus](/w/Dr._Tengus "Dr. Tengus"), a Grineer doctor, has been
experimenting with a bio-weapon of some sorts and the player is tasked to
investigate. The player discovers that this bio-weapon the Grineer was working
on was a strain of the [Infestation](/w/Infestation "Infestation") that
survived the events of [The Old War](/w/The_Old_War "The Old War"). After a
failure in a testing lab, the Infested broke out from quarantine and invaded
Grineer outposts and ships on [Mercury](/w/Mercury "Mercury"). As the
possibility of an Infested outbreak was a threat to the Origin System, the
Lotus commands the player to eradicate the Infestation. With the help of a
[Cascade Bomb](/w/Orokin_Power_Core#Variants "Orokin Power Core") infused with
[Void](/w/Void "Void") energy, the player successfully eliminated the source
of the Infestation. However, because of the continued research efforts of Dr.
Tengus, the System is not immune from future outbreaks.

#### The Archwing[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=17&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Archwing") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=17 "Edit section's source code: The Archwing")]

[![](/images/DEGrineerFomorian.png?d7858)](/w/File:DEGrineerFomorian.png)Balor
Famorian

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [The Archwing§
Synopsis](/w/The_Archwing#Synopsis "The Archwing"). To change it, please [edit
the transcluded page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/The_Archwing?action=edit)._

The threat of a Grineer [Balor Fomorian](/w/Balor_Fomorian "Balor Fomorian"),
the capital ship of the Fomorian fleet, tips the balance of power within the
Solar System. [Councilor Vay Hek](/w/Councilor_Vay_Hek "Councilor Vay Hek")
declares war on the [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") and the Chairman of the
Corpus Board of Directors, [Frohd Bek](/w/Frohd_Bek "Frohd Bek"), in an
attempt to seize total control over the Origin System.

The player is forced to construct an [Orokin](/w/Orokin "Orokin")-era
mechanical wings, an [Archwing](/w/Archwing "Archwing"), along with an
[Archgun](/w/Archgun "Archgun") and [Archmelee](/w/Archmelee "Archmelee"), to
destroy it in space combat. To do so they will need to find the
[![](/images/thumb/Odonata.png/32px-Odonata.png?63361)](/w/Odonata "Odonata")
[Odonata](/w/Odonata "Odonata") component blueprints that are scattered across
Orokin archives throughout [Venus](/w/Venus "Venus"). After obtaining their
new gear, the player tries to sabotage the Fomorian, only to realize that they
do not have enough firepower to do so. After destroying dozens of Grineer
fighters, the player performs a tactical retreat, leaving the real battle with
the Fomorian to [happen another day](/w/Fomorian_Sabotage "Fomorian
Sabotage").

### Discovery of the Arcane Machine[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=18&veaction=edit "Edit section: Discovery of the Arcane Machine") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=18 "Edit section's source code: Discovery of the Arcane Machine")]

#### Stolen Dreams[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=19&veaction=edit "Edit section: Stolen Dreams") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=19 "Edit section's source code: Stolen Dreams")]

[![](/images/Maroo.png?05627)](/w/File:Maroo.png)Maroo

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Stolen Dreams§
Synopsis](/w/Stolen_Dreams#Synopsis "Stolen Dreams"). To change it, please
[edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Stolen_Dreams?action=edit)._

Lotus tasks the player to search for the mysterious [Arcane
Codices](/w/Arcane_Codices "Arcane Codices"). Their importance is unknown, but
the [Grineer](/w/Grineer "Grineer") had sought it for a potential cure to the
[Cloning Decay Syndrome](/w/Cloning_Decay_Syndrome "Cloning Decay Syndrome")
that has plagued its faction and the [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") had sought
to strike riches with them.

In search of these codices, the player captures a thief named [Maroo](/w/Maroo
"Maroo") who recently stole a piece of the codices and went into hiding. Upon
interrogating Maroo, the player finds out that she has been hired by Grineer
scientist [Tyl Regor](/w/Tyl_Regor "Tyl Regor") to steal them from an [Orokin
Derelict](/w/Orokin_Derelict "Orokin Derelict"). However, after the
[Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") outbid the Grineer for the codex, she broke her
contract and deceived Regor, swapping the real codex with a fake one, and sold
the real codex to Corpus hands.

In exchange for protective custody, Maroo reluctantly join forces with the
Tenno after cheating the Grineer. Maroo then revealed the locations of the
codices, and after a series of [Spy](/w/Spy "Spy") missions, the player
successfully retrieved all six codices with Maroo's guidance. After
[Ordis](/w/Ordis "Ordis")' musings on transcribing the codices, she then
informs the player that she had found a machine in the Orokin Derelict from
which she had extracted her Arcane Codex. Upon entering an Orokin Void gate on
[Mars](/w/Mars "Mars"), the player reached the Derelict that housed the
enigmatic [Arcane Machine](/w/Arcane_Machine "Arcane Machine"). Uploading the
codices to the machine yielded a cryptic message, to which the Lotus cannot
ascertain its meaning. In confusion, the player returns to their ship, empty-
handed, while Maroo sets off in her own path.

#### The New Strange[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=20&veaction=edit "Edit section: The New Strange") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=20 "Edit section's source code: The New Strange")]

[![](/images/thumb/CB_NoseyMF.png/300px-
CB_NoseyMF.png?0850c)](/w/File:CB_NoseyMF.png)Cephalon Simaris
[![](/images/ArcaneMachine.png?08c07)](/w/File:ArcaneMachine.png)Arcane
Machine [![](/images/thumb/Annotation_2019-09-05_141726.png/300px-
Annotation_2019-09-05_141726.png?e9f22)](/w/File:Annotation_2019-09-05_141726.png)Close
up on object on Arcane Machine

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [The New Strange§
Synopsis](/w/The_New_Strange#Synopsis "The New Strange"). To change it, please
[edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/The_New_Strange?action=edit)._

[Cephalon Simaris](/w/Cephalon_Simaris "Cephalon Simaris"), a
[Cephalon](/w/Cephalon "Cephalon") construct that seeks to immortalize
creatures into data for knowledge, requires the Tenno's assistance to free his
[Sentinels](/w/Sentinel "Sentinel") from custody of the Grineer. After freeing
his Sentinels, the Lotus discovered "fragments of a biological signature"
within the prison's security logs. Ordis plays the log and a mysterious
message came up, with a voice similar to the one found from the [Arcane
Machine](/w/Arcane_Machine "Arcane Machine") from the end of [Stolen
Dreams](/w/Stolen_Dreams "Stolen Dreams").

After refusing to answer on the subject, Simaris tells the Tenno that, in
exchange for deciphering this mysterious biological signature, they must
assist him in [Synthesis](/w/Synthesis "Synthesis"), the process of scanning
targets to be uploaded for storage in his [Sanctuary](/w/Sanctuary
"Sanctuary"). After helping Simaris, he says that the signature is of Tenno
origin. A blueprint for a beacon derived from the signature is given to the
player to help track down this creature. Crafting this beacon sends a signal
which turns out to be a transmission from the Arcane Machine:

“  | ALL IS SILENT AND CALM. HUSHED AND EMPTY IS THE WOMB OF THE SKY.  | ”
---|---|---

The Lotus informs the Tenno that this creature has been going to locations
where the Arcane Codices were found, slaughtering [Grineer](/w/Grineer
"Grineer") and [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") to cover somebody's tracks;
somebody doesn't want people to know the existence of such codices or the
Arcane Machine. After extracting information from a Corpus network, this
creature turns out to be the Warframe
[![](/images/thumb/ChromaIcon272.png/31px-ChromaIcon272.png?e852e)](/w/Chroma
"Chroma") [Chroma](/w/Chroma "Chroma") who has gone rogue — not controlled by
any Tenno. The hunt leads the Tenno back to the Arcane Machine where they
encounter a hostile Chroma who destroyed the machine. Simaris asks the Tenno
to synthesize it for its unusual behavior. However, Chroma escapes being
synthesized after being scanned once. As a result, Simaris reveals to have a
piece of the Arcane Codices of his own and discloses another location that
holds an Arcane Machine. Luring Chroma to this particular machine results in a
successful Synthesis and the Tenno receives a Chroma blueprint for their
troubles. Unbeknownst to the Lotus and the Tenno, this second Arcane Machine
contains a projection of a [Sentient](/w/Sentient "Sentient") relic, hinting
at future events to come.

### The Revelation[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=21&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Revelation") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=21 "Edit section's source code: The Revelation")]

#### Natah[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=22&veaction=edit "Edit section: Natah") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=22 "Edit section's source code: Natah")]

[![](/images/Scout.png?b521d)](/w/File:Scout.png)Oculyst

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Natah (Quest)§
Synopsis](/w/Natah_\(Quest\)#Synopsis "Natah \(Quest\)"). To change it, please
[edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Natah_\(Quest\)?action=edit)._

On [Uranus](/w/Uranus "Uranus"), the Tenno encounters strange drones that seem
to be looking for something... or someone. Upon scanning them, the Lotus will
ask the Tenno for their assistance. Assuming that they are of
[Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") origin, Lotus sends the Tenno to [Earth](/w/Earth
"Earth") to investigate these drones, only to discover an [Old
War](/w/The_Old_War "The Old War") wreckage which heightens her confusion. In
an epiphany, the Lotus realizes these drones are [Sentient](/w/Sentient
"Sentient") [Oculysts](/w/Oculyst "Oculyst") and immediately cuts off
transmissions with the Tenno. An individual of the [Orokin](/w/Orokin
"Orokin")-era, [Conclave](/w/Conclave "Conclave") master [Teshin](/w/Teshin
"Teshin") offers his aid to unravel the truth about the mysterious Lotus,
suspicious of her true motives.

“  | The Lotus seduced the Tenno. Led them on a complacent path like oxen. I failed the Orokin but I will preserve their legacy. The Tenno. Now is the time for action. Cast off your harness and become a pupil of The Conclave. Through trial combat, I will prepare you for the evils beyond the Outer Terminus. A warrior only grows if they face the ultimate enemy. Themselves.  | ”
---|---|---
—Teshin's introduction to Conclave

In search for information on these drones, [Grineer](/w/Grineer "Grineer")
scientist [Tyl Regor](/w/Tyl_Regor "Tyl Regor") has lead efforts in excavating
a tomb from the Old War in the depths of Uranus. The Lotus suddenly reappears,
claiming she went dark to hide her tracks and pleads to the Tenno to stop
Regor from entering this tomb. Their efforts were in vain as Regor
accidentally awakens a Sentient, that being [Hunhow](/w/Hunhow "Hunhow"),
destroyer of worlds:

“  | ...Natah, where are you? You cannot hide from me.  | ”
---|---|---

The Lotus reveals that her old name was [Natah](/w/Natah "Natah") and was
formerly a Sentient, ordered to eliminate the Tenno during the Old War. From
the Tau System, where the Sentient stronghold resides, she crossed the
[Void](/w/Void "Void") to reach the Origin System and complete her mission.
However, because the Sentients were programmed by their [Orokin](/w/Orokin
"Orokin") creators to be vulnerable to the Void as a safeguard against a
rebellion, the Lotus subsequently lost her ability to procreate. With the Old
War coming near at the end, there was no need to kill the Tenno. Wanting
children on her own, the Lotus decides to hide them away in the "second
dream".

“  | Natah was the daughter until I destroyed her. Now I am the Lotus. Now I am the mother.  | ”
---|---|---
—Lotus

Once the daughter of [Hunhow](/w/Hunhow "Hunhow"), the Lotus betrayed her own
kind out of selfishness to become a mother. Hunhow will soon finish where the
Lotus had failed: elimination of the Tenno.

#### The Second Dream[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=23&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Second Dream") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=23 "Edit section's source code: The Second Dream")]

[![](/images/SentientStalker.png?4c8f4)](/w/File:SentientStalker.png)Shadow
Stalker

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [The Second Dream§
Synopsis](/w/The_Second_Dream#Synopsis "The Second Dream"). To change it,
please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/The_Second_Dream?action=edit)._

The [Sentient](/w/Sentient "Sentient") [Hunhow](/w/Hunhow "Hunhow") awakens
from his slumber, seeking revenge on the Tenno for their actions during [The
Old War](/w/The_Old_War "The Old War"). Allying with the [Stalker](/w/Stalker
"Stalker"), they seek to destroy the "womb in the sky", later revealed as the
Tenno's weakness: a [Reservoir](/w/Reservoir "Reservoir") on [Lua](/w/Lua
"Lua") that was hidden within the [Void](/w/Void "Void") by the
[Lotus](/w/Lotus "Lotus") to protect the Tenno from the Sentients.

The player is tasked with finding Hunhow, who infiltrated the Lotus' mind
during the events of [Natah](/w/Natah_\(Quest\) "Natah \(Quest\)"). With the
unexpected help of [Alad V](/w/Alad_V "Alad V"), all traces lead to a Sentient
relic on [Uranus](/w/Uranus "Uranus"), dug up by the [Grineer](/w/Grineer
"Grineer"). Interacting with the relic, the Lotus tries to ascertain the
location of Hunhow, only to be foiled by allowing Hunhow to know the location
of the Reservoir. With the Stalker en route, the player chases after him to
prevent him from reaching the Reservoir first. The player follows the Stalker
through a Void Gate into an Orokin Tower in the Void, realizing that this
Reservoir is on Earth's moon that was hidden within the Void. Disabling the
Orokin Tower's Void mask mechanism allows the moon's location, known as Lua,
to be detectable. This allows Ordis to pick up the player from the tower and
drop them onto Lua, where Stalker begins to collapse the void. The player is
forced to phase Lua back out of the void in order to avoid it being crushed by
the weight of the Void. Now that Lua is no longer protected from the Sentients
by the Void, the only option left is to protect the Reservoir.

The truth behind the Reservoir is that in it lies the Tenno's true form, the
[Operator](/w/Operator "Operator"). In the Reservoir, the Operator directs
their Void energy to control the Warframes remotely, a process called
[Transference](/w/Transference "Transference"). The Stalker rendezvous with
the player but upon seeing the Operator, he hesitates to kill, leaving the
player to deal with hordes of Sentient fighters with their newfound power: the
ability to channel Void energy to fight in their Operator form.

Upon the Orbiter, the player has to put their Operator into a new Transference
vessel: the Somatic Link at the back of the ship. In the final clash between
the player and the Stalker, the player proves victorious and subsequently
encounters the Lotus in-person for first time. As the Lotus carries the
unconscious Operator into the Somatic Link, the player regains some of their
memories of being a Tenno, remembering one of the [five great
schools](/w/Focus "Focus") that they once belonged to in the Orokin Age (the
Old War).

“  | This is who you really are. A Tenno. More than human... but once a child like any other.  | ”
---|---|---
—Lotus

#### The War Within[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=24&veaction=edit "Edit section: The War Within") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=24 "Edit section's source code: The War Within")]

[![](/images/Teshin.png?2d375)](/w/File:Teshin.png)Teshin

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [The War Within§
Synopsis](/w/The_War_Within#Synopsis "The War Within"). To change it, please
[edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/The_War_Within?action=edit)._

A disturbance on Reservoirs in [Lua](/w/Lua "Lua") prompts the Tenno to
investigate the problem. Turns out [Teshin](/w/Teshin "Teshin") has intruded
the same location where the player retrieved their Tenno body on Lua, to lure
them out, revealing that he is a double agent for the [Grineer
Queens](/w/Grineer_Queens "Grineer Queens"). In pursuit of the truth, the
Tenno follows Teshin's deployed [Specters](/w/Specter "Specter") who leads
them to a supposedly uninhabited asteroid field. Disabling the security matrix
exposes the [Kuva Fortress](/w/Kuva_Fortress "Kuva Fortress"), the central
base of [Grineer](/w/Grineer "Grineer") operations and home to the Twin
Queens. The Tenno realizes the base's mobile state prevented them from
encountering it.

Infiltrating the fortress, the Tenno discovers the Queen's lair, along with
Teshin, under control of Queens' [Kuva](/w/Kuva "Kuva") Scepter due to his
status as an [Orokin](/w/Orokin "Orokin") [Dax soldier](/w/Dax_Soldiers "Dax
Soldiers"). The Dax were biologically programmed to not disobey those with
Orokin blood, Kuva. So, unrelentingly, Teshin has brought the Tenno to the
Queens for [Continuity](/w/Continuity_\(Lore\) "Continuity \(Lore\)"), the
ritual of transferring consciousness between bodies for everlasting life. Due
to repeated cloning, the Queens' bodies had suffered the [Cloning Decay
Syndrome](/w/Cloning_Decay_Syndrome "Cloning Decay Syndrome") with each cycle
of Continuity, so to preserve their immortality, they need a new, young body.
Before they capture the Tenno, [Ordis](/w/Ordis "Ordis") cuts off
[Transference](/w/Transference "Transference"), in an attempt to protect the
[Operator](/w/Operator "Operator") while leaving their Warframe behind.
However, the Queens will start the process of Continuity, burrowing into the
Tenno's mind through their Warframe surrogate.

After a transitional period into a vision, the Tenno, now in Operator form,
appears on an mountain under a snowstorm. There they meet Teshin who instructs
them through the mountain pass to regain their memories as a Tenno, which were
suppressed by [Margulis](/w/Margulis "Margulis") in an effort to protect them
from the [Void](/w/Void "Void"). The tragic [Zariman Ten
Zero](/w/Zariman_Ten_Zero "Zariman Ten Zero") incident becomes clearer to the
Tenno as they regain their ability to manipulate the Void without the need to
channel it through a Warframe.

“  | Margulis lied to you, a lie of omission. She did not cure the Zariman children — she erased them. My only hope is that truth still lingers inside you, buried within your mind. The power and the misery... of the Void.  | ”
---|---|---
—Teshin

With their original powers back, the Tenno return back to the Kuva Fortress to
save Teshin from the Queens. After a series of battle with the Queens' guards
and Teshin himself, the Tenno finally circumvents the Queens' defense and
steals their Kuva Scepter. Now vulnerable, the Tenno and Teshin kill the Elder
Queen, leaving the Worm Queen to escape the confines of death.

Back at the mountain pass vision, the Tenno decides what to do with the Kuva
stolen from the Queens. Regardless of their decision, a [mysterious
figure](/w/The_Man_in_The_Wall "The Man in The Wall") whispers in their mind,
foreshadowing the outcome of regaining their Void powers.

#### Chains of Harrow[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=25&veaction=edit "Edit section: Chains of Harrow") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=25 "Edit section's source code: Chains of Harrow")]

[![](/images/thumb/Harrow.png/300px-
Harrow.png?6b992)](/w/File:Harrow.png)Harrow



_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Chains of Harrow§
Synopsis](/w/Chains_of_Harrow#Synopsis "Chains of Harrow"). To change it,
please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Chains_of_Harrow?action=edit)._

The Tenno receives a strange transmission from an abandoned [Steel
Meridian](/w/Steel_Meridian "Steel Meridian") ship that draws their attention.
Upon arriving on this ship, they discover its crew murdered in cold blood. Odd
messages written in blood are scattered throughout, haunting the Tenno as they
track down the suspect. Here, they meet [Palladino](/w/Palladino "Palladino"),
the Holy Speaker of the [Red Veil](/w/Red_Veil "Red Veil"), who says that
their syndicate is in shambles. Their sacred muse, a Tenno named
[Rell](/w/Rell "Rell"), abandoned his post in their temple, causing chaos
throughout their organization. Unlike other Tenno, Rell did not go into
cryosleep in the [Lua](/w/Lua "Lua")'s Reservoirs for he was cast out by
[Margulis](/w/Margulis "Margulis") and his fellow Tenno for having blinded
Margulis.[87] Instead, he sacrificed his life, bound his spirit to his
Warframe, [![](/images/thumb/HarrowIcon272.png/31px-
HarrowIcon272.png?bebac)](/w/Harrow "Harrow") [Harrow](/w/Harrow "Harrow"),
who became a resting vigil towards [The Man in The
Wall](/w/The_Man_in_The_Wall "The Man in The Wall") itself.

Requesting protection, the Tenno brought [Palladino](/w/Palladino "Palladino")
to the [Steel Meridian](/w/Steel_Meridian "Steel Meridian") base, [Iron
Wake](/w/Iron_Wake "Iron Wake"), where she will be watched by Steel Meridian
personnel. To contact Rell, Palladino asks the Tenno to bring back [a sacred
relic](/w/Rell%27s_Donda "Rell's Donda") in order to complete her seance.
Apparently, Rell still retains memories of his humanity despite having a manic
episode that resulted from losing control over [Transference](/w/Transference
"Transference") due to attacks from The Man in The Wall. To resolve this, the
Tenno captures Rell's manifestations of emotion, disturbances made of
Transference energy, and return them to the Red Veil temple in the Void.

In order to end Rell's suffering, the Tenno frees
[![](/images/thumb/HarrowIcon272.png/31px-HarrowIcon272.png?bebac)](/w/Harrow
"Harrow") [Harrow](/w/Harrow "Harrow") from his chains, allowing Rell to rest
in slumber. However, with no vessel to protect against The Man in The Wall,
the Tenno will have to deal with the consequences.

“  | Hey kiddo.  | ”
---|---|---
—The Man in The Wall

### The Lotus' Disappearance[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=26&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Lotus' Disappearance") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=26 "Edit section's source code: The Lotus' Disappearance")]

#### Apostasy Prologue[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=27&veaction=edit "Edit section: Apostasy Prologue") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=27 "Edit section's source code: Apostasy Prologue")]

[![](/images/thumb/BallasPrologue.jpg/300px-
BallasPrologue.jpg?79e18)](/w/File:BallasPrologue.jpg)Ballas

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Apostasy Prologue§
Synopsis](/w/Apostasy_Prologue#Synopsis "Apostasy Prologue"). To change it,
please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Apostasy_Prologue?action=edit)._

A faint purple orb at the end of the [Orbiter](/w/Orbiter "Orbiter")'s
[Personal Quarters](/w/Orbiter#Rooms "Orbiter") beckons the attention of the
Tenno. Upon interacting with it, the Tenno is transitioned to somewhere on
[Lua](/w/Lua "Lua") where they begin following a purple trail that retraces
the path to the room where the player recovered their Tenno body from the
Reservoir. As they travel through, they experience the final moments of
[Margulis](/w/Margulis "Margulis") before her execution leading up to the
discovery of [Lotus](/w/Lotus "Lotus")' enclave at the end of the trail.
There, Orokin Executor [Ballas](/w/Ballas "Ballas") appears to apologize to
the Lotus and promises to not abandon "Margulis" again. Holding hands, both
Ballas and the Lotus disappear into a mysterious light, leaving the Tenno in
their [Operator](/w/Operator "Operator") form clutching at the remains of
Lotus' helmet. The Lotus has left. The mother has abandoned her children.

#### The Sacrifice[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=28&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Sacrifice") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=28 "Edit section's source code: The Sacrifice")]

[![](/images/ExcaliburUmbraFull.png?d709c)](/w/File:ExcaliburUmbraFull.png)Excalibur
Umbra

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [The Sacrifice§
Synopsis](/w/The_Sacrifice#Synopsis "The Sacrifice"). To change it, please
[edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/The_Sacrifice?action=edit)._

The Tenno hears faint whispers of the recently abandoned [Lotus](/w/Lotus
"Lotus"). Her voice directs them towards her helmet within the
[Orbiter](/w/Orbiter "Orbiter")'s [Personal Quarters](/w/Orbiter#Rooms
"Orbiter"). As the [Operator](/w/Operator "Operator") touches the helmet,
visions of a Warframe being restrained by [Ballas](/w/Ballas "Ballas") and
[Sentient](/w/Sentient "Sentient") fighters flow in their mind, prompting them
towards [Earth](/w/Earth "Earth") to investigate.

The Warframe in question, [![](/images/thumb/Excalibur_UmbraIcon272.png/31px-
Excalibur_UmbraIcon272.png?74cc1)](/w/Excalibur/Umbra "Excalibur/Umbra")
[Excalibur Umbra](/w/Excalibur/Umbra "Excalibur/Umbra"), was out of sight —
only his remains survived his fight with the Sentients. [Ordis](/w/Ordis
"Ordis") attempts to recreate him in the [Foundry](/w/Foundry "Foundry") based
on [scans](/w/Scanner "Scanner") of his remains but lacks sufficient data to
do so. Trace minerals on Umbra's [![](/images/thumb/Skiajati.png/32px-
Skiajati.png?929c5)](/w/Skiajati "Skiajati") [Skiajati](/w/Skiajati
"Skiajati") Nikana suggest that more information can be found on [Lua](/w/Lua
"Lua"). A visit to Lua yielded a [Vitruvian](/w/Vitruvian "Vitruvian") device
found within a containment lab that belonged to Ballas. This Vitruvian
contained recordings made by Ballas on his betrayal to the [Orokin](/w/Orokin
"Orokin") during The Old War and the origin of [Warframes](/w/Warframes
"Warframes"). Uploading the Vitruvian into the ship's mainframe gave the
ability to craft Excalibur Umbra. Upon equipping him in the
[Arsenal](/w/Arsenal "Arsenal"), he immediately goes berserk and damages his
own helmet to reveal an eye, then pins the Operator into a wall until they
enter his mind using [Transference](/w/Transference "Transference"). The Tenno
learns of Umbra's origins as a personal punishment from Ballas upon a
[Dax](/w/Dax "Dax") soldier for spying on him during his late betrayal of the
Orokin. The Dax soldier was subjected to injections of a
[Helminth](/w/Helminth "Helminth") [Infestation](/w/Infestation "Infestation")
strain to produce skin-grafted armor and modified organs, akin to the typical
Warframe design process during the Old War.

The memory abruptly ends, and the Operator finds out that Umbra has escaped
the ship, rejecting Transference. They chase down Umbra as more entries of the
Vitruvian become unlocked by accessing his memories. He contains the key to
the secrets of the Warframes themselves.

After multiple tries, the Operator eventually accesses Umbra's final memory:
killing his own son [Isaah](/w/Isaah "Isaah") when the Infestation takes over
his body and Ballas forces him to act through the modified Transference Bolt.
The Operator intervenes in this event, telling Umbra that he doesn't have to
relive this event in solitude, instead, they will face this grief together
through the duality of mind and body. Umbra as the hand, the Operator as the
soul.

“  | And it was not their force of will — not their Void devilry — not their alien darkness... it was something else. It was that somehow, from within the derelict-horror, they had learned a way to see inside an ugly, broken thing — and take away its pain.  | ”
---|---|---
—Ballas in the Vitruvian

In this revelation, the minds of Umbra and the Operator are linked —
Transference was successful. With this newfound power, the Operator and Umbra
fend off a Sentient assault and return to Earth to face Ballas.

During the final confrontation, Umbra successfully stabs Ballas in the gut,
defying Ballas' subjugation thanks to the Operator. After questioning him on
the whereabouts of the [Lotus](/w/Lotus "Lotus"), she appears from the sky in
a [Sentient battle form](/w/Natah "Natah"), taking Ballas with her as she
returns back to her [Mother](/w/Praghasa "Praghasa"). The Lotus seems to no
longer be the motherly figure that the Tenno loved.

### Prelude to War[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=29&veaction=edit "Edit section: Prelude to War") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=29 "Edit section's source code: Prelude to War")]

#### Chimera Prologue[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=30&veaction=edit "Edit section: Chimera Prologue") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=30 "Edit section's source code: Chimera Prologue")]

[![](/images/thumb/Sentient_Ballas2.jpg/300px-
Sentient_Ballas2.jpg?ecf34)](/w/File:Sentient_Ballas2.jpg)Amalgam Ballas

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Chimera Prologue§
Synopsis](/w/Chimera_Prologue#Synopsis "Chimera Prologue"). To change it,
please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Chimera_Prologue?action=edit)._

[The Man in The Wall](/w/The_Man_in_The_Wall "The Man in The Wall") manifests
itself in the [Orbiter](/w/Orbiter "Orbiter")'s [Personal
Quarters](/w/Orbiter#Rooms "Orbiter"), luring the Tenno towards the
[Lotus](/w/Lotus "Lotus")' helmet, dropped during the events of [Apostasy
Prologue](/w/Apostasy_Prologue "Apostasy Prologue"). When the Tenno touches
the helmet, they are transported to [Lua](/w/Lua "Lua"), where they begin to
follow The Man in The Wall. The Man in The Wall leads the Tenno through the
[Reservoir](/w/Reservoir "Reservoir"), and into the Chamber of the Lotus. A
portal at the end of the room transports the Tenno into a
[Sentient](/w/Sentient "Sentient") chamber that seems to imprison
[Ballas](/w/Ballas "Ballas"), now malformed with Sentient growth. Cursing the
Lotus for allegedly deceiving him, Ballas discreetly constructs the "Sentient
Slayer" away from what he claims to be Lotus' watchful eye. The Tenno grasps
the image of the legendary [![](/images/thumb/Paracesis.png/32px-
Paracesis.png?f1231)](/w/Paracesis "Paracesis") [Paracesis](/w/Paracesis
"Paracesis") , learning its blueprint in the process. — [The New
War](/w/The_New_War "The New War") is coming.

#### Alad V's Amalgams[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=31&veaction=edit "Edit section: Alad V's Amalgams") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=31 "Edit section's source code: Alad V's Amalgams")]

[![](/images/AmalgamHeqet.png?f5bb7)](/w/File:AmalgamHeqet.png)Amalgam Heqet



_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Alad V§ The Jovian
Concord](/w/Alad_V#The_Jovian_Concord "Alad V"). To change it, please [edit
the transcluded page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Alad_V?action=edit)._

    _Main article:[Fragments/Partnership](/w/Fragments/Partnership "Fragments/Partnership")_

Alad V returned to work for the [![](/images/thumb/IconCorpusOn.png/32px-
IconCorpusOn.png?9a680)](/w/Corpus "Corpus") [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") back
on [Jupiter](/w/Jupiter "Jupiter"), although due to the failure of the Zanuka
Project and the Mutalist Incursion incident, along with [Nef Anyo](/w/Nef_Anyo
"Nef Anyo")'s [Orb Vallis](/w/Orb_Vallis "Orb Vallis") terraforming project
winning the favor of Board of Director [Frohd Bek](/w/Frohd_Bek "Frohd Bek"),
Alad's reputation has since severely diminished. He was approached by an old
acquaintance, Regus, who offered him never-before-seen Old War tech. Alad
immediately jumped the chance and begun investing, quickly signing a contract
that Regus immediately agreed to despite Alad's attempts at manipulating
loopholes. However, he soon came to realize something was very wrong when
Regus flashed at him with an inhuman smile.

Alad realized too late that the Regus that approached him was actually a
[![](/images/thumb/SentientFactionIcon.png/32px-
SentientFactionIcon.png?19c23)](/w/Sentient "Sentient") [Sentient](/w/Sentient
"Sentient") [Mimic](/w/Mimic "Mimic"); to his horror, he had entered an
unwitting partnership with the enemy. Alad's attempts to defy submission
instantly met in failure; he had no choice but to comply with the
[Amalgam](/w/Amalgam "Amalgam") project and create soldiers for the Sentients,
or the [Ropalolyst](/w/Ropalolyst "Ropalolyst") would raze his gas city and
his [![](/images/thumb/IconCorpusOn.png/32px-
IconCorpusOn.png?9a680)](/w/Corpus "Corpus") [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus")
rivals would execute him for treason.

The Amalgam program turned out to be a success. As per agreements, the
identities of his partners would be kept confidential, instating a strict no-
fly zone on their craft. All while Alad V told to himself, "Life is Profit."

In addition to creating the Amalgams, Alad V also [works to receive combat
data](/w/Disruption "Disruption") against the Warframes and sends it over to
his partners. However, his boasting about his "exciting new product line" is
merely a facade, even encouraging and expressing gratitude to the
[![](/images/thumb/TennoIcon.png/32px-TennoIcon.png?3c7f6)](/w/Tenno "Tenno")
[Tenno](/w/Tenno "Tenno") when they fight the Ropalolyst.

* * *

[![](/images/Ropalolyst.png?9f2bc)](/w/File:Ropalolyst.png)Ropaloyst

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Lotus§ The Jovian
Concord](/w/Lotus#The_Jovian_Concord "Lotus"). To change it, please [edit the
transcluded page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Lotus?action=edit)._

    _Main article:[Fragments/Partnership](/w/Fragments/Partnership "Fragments/Partnership")_

The Sentients trick [Alad V](/w/Alad_V "Alad V") into partnership, forcing him
to create the [Amalgams](/w/Amalgam "Amalgam"), [Grineer](/w/Grineer
"Grineer")/[Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") hybridized with [Sentient](/w/Sentient
"Sentient") powers. These new units, along with their combat data against the
Tenno, would further serve the Sentients in their preparation for [The New
War](/w/The_New_War "The New War").

During the mission to kill the [Ropalolyst](/w/Ropalolyst "Ropalolyst"), Natah
informs the Tenno that the belief that she spared them as an act of mercy was
false: rather that she was forced into doing so by the [Orokin](/w/Orokin
"Orokin"), and that they were both "imprisoned in Lua's belly", shedding light
on the events of the [Apostasy Prologue](/w/Apostasy_Prologue "Apostasy
Prologue") as a result. Natah also addresses that she "has seen the wall's
other face", implying that during her time in her chambers on [Lua](/w/Lua
"Lua"), that the [Void](/w/Void "Void") affected her as well with [The Man in
The Wall](/w/The_Man_in_The_Wall "The Man in The Wall"). Furthermore, she
establishes the Tenno as the evil entity for the "destruction of my people"
following the Ropalolyst's defeat, and foreshadows the events to come in The
New War.

#### Erra[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=32&veaction=edit "Edit section: Erra") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=32 "Edit section's source code: Erra")]

[![](/images/thumb/ErraFace.jpg/300px-
ErraFace.jpg?71826)](/w/File:ErraFace.jpg)Erra, Natah's brother

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Erra (Quest)§
Synopsis](/w/Erra_\(Quest\)#Synopsis "Erra \(Quest\)"). To change it, please
[edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Erra_\(Quest\)?action=edit)._

In preparation of [The New War](/w/The_New_War "The New War"), the
[Tenno](/w/Tenno "Tenno") travels to the [Veil Proxima](/w/Veil_Proxima "Veil
Proxima") with their [Railjack](/w/Railjack "Railjack") crew, only to discover
a [Murex](/w/Murex "Murex") Ship. With their
[![](/images/thumb/Paracesis.png/32px-Paracesis.png?f1231)](/w/Paracesis
"Paracesis") [Paracesis](/w/Paracesis "Paracesis") in hand, they board the
Murex to fend off the Sentient threat. Afterwards, they destroy a mysterious
red crystal at the end of the Murex, which upon re-boarding the
[Orbiter](/w/Orbiter "Orbiter") reveals flashbacks about [The Old
War](/w/The_Old_War "The Old War") and [Natah](/w/Natah "Natah")'s brother,
[Erra](/w/Erra_\(Character\) "Erra \(Character\)"). A vision of the [Sentient
Mothership](/w/Praghasa "Praghasa") exposes a meeting between Erra and Natah,
hinting at an escalation of the war with Natah's war cry.

#### The Maker[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=33&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Maker") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=33 "Edit section's source code: The Maker")]

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [The Maker§
Synopsis](/w/The_Maker#Synopsis "The Maker"). To change it, please [edit the
transcluded page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/The_Maker?action=edit)._

Inside the Sentient mothership, [Erra](/w/Erra_\(Character\) "Erra
\(Character\)") is telling [Natah](/w/Natah "Natah") that their
[mother](/w/Praghasa "Praghasa"), who she wrongly believed to be alive, is
dead and urges her to finish the war as "[she has] her fire". Natah notes that
she remembers ordering the Tenno to attack Erra and that he was destroyed.
Erra objects and states that she remembers wrong and will need time to
completely heal from "what the [Makers](/w/Orokin "Orokin") had done to
[her]". Natah is not convinced and points at leashed [Ballas](/w/Ballas
"Ballas") asking if he is one of the Makers.

Erra suddenly grabs and throws Natah at the pedestal behind him, where she is
trapped in a field of energy. Erra tells her to "finish the war" and drops
Ballas's leash. Revealing that his imprisonment was a deception, Ballas stands
as he and Erra silently watch Natah.

#### [Operation: Scarlet Spear](/w/Operation:_Scarlet_Spear "Operation: Scarlet Spear")[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=34&veaction=edit "Edit section: Operation: Scarlet Spear") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=34 "Edit section's source code: Operation: Scarlet Spear")]

[![](/images/thumb/ScarletSpear_Keyart.png/200px-
ScarletSpear_Keyart.png?473fb)](/w/File:ScarletSpear_Keyart.png)

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Operation: Scarlet Spear§ Event
Synopsis](/w/Operation:_Scarlet_Spear#Event_Synopsis "Operation: Scarlet
Spear"). To change it, please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Operation:_Scarlet_Spear?action=edit)._

The [Sentients](/w/Sentient "Sentient") are invading the Origin System—their
first destination: [Earth](/w/Earth "Earth"). Tenno must coordinate their
efforts to fend off Sentient [Murex](/w/Murex "Murex") warships in space and
[Condrix](/w/Condrix "Condrix") drop ships on the ground. [Little
Duck](/w/Little_Duck "Little Duck") has set up a Scarlet Spear Flotilla Relay
off Earth's atmosphere as the Tenno's primary base of operations during this
invasion.

Angered by the presence of Sentient and Tenno alike, [General Sargas
Ruk](/w/General_Sargas_Ruk "General Sargas Ruk") of the [Grineer](/w/Grineer
"Grineer") faction tries to sabotage the Tenno's efforts in fending off
Condrixes on the forests of Grineer-controlled Earth, believing that it is the
Tenno's fault for the Sentient invasion.

[![](/images/thumb/ScarletSpearLittleDuck.jpg/256px-
ScarletSpearLittleDuck.jpg?d4428)](/w/File:ScarletSpearLittleDuck.jpg)

#### [Operation: Orphix Venom](/w/Operation:_Orphix_Venom "Operation: Orphix Venom")[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=35&veaction=edit "Edit section: Operation: Orphix Venom") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=35 "Edit section's source code: Operation: Orphix Venom")]

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Operation: Orphix Venom§ Event
Synopsis](/w/Operation:_Orphix_Venom#Event_Synopsis "Operation: Orphix
Venom"). To change it, please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Operation:_Orphix_Venom?action=edit)._

Following the Tenno's victory and the Sentients' defeat in [Operation: Scarlet
Spear](/w/Operation:_Scarlet_Spear "Operation: Scarlet Spear"),
[Erra](/w/Erra_\(Character\) "Erra \(Character\)") and the Sentients have
retreated and gone into hiding. The second Sentient invasion in the Origin
System thus begins, and the [Orphix](/w/Orphix "Orphix") Sentient Units
return, but this time they have been taught to override Warframes by deploying
weaponized pulses cleverly designed to disable them, leaving the
[Necramechs](/w/Necramech "Necramech") as the Tenno's last option.

During the Operation, [Natah](/w/Lotus "Lotus") transmits messages to the
Tenno, revealing that she was the one who taught the Orphix to disable
Warframes. Her messages about deploying the Orphix series, containing a letter
followed by a number, reveal a code from ordering the numbers, which says:
"_**I AM DYING**_ ".

### [The New War](/w/The_New_War "The New War")[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=36&veaction=edit "Edit section: The New War") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=36 "Edit section's source code: The New War")]

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [The New War§
Synopsis](/w/The_New_War#Synopsis "The New War"). To change it, please [edit
the transcluded page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/The_New_War?action=edit)._

The [![](/images/thumb/SentientFactionIcon.png/32px-
SentientFactionIcon.png?19c23)](/w/Sentient "Sentient") [Sentient](/w/Sentient
"Sentient"), led by [Ballas](/w/Ballas "Ballas") and
[Erra](/w/Erra_\(Character\) "Erra \(Character\)"), launch a full-scale
invasion on the [Origin System](/w/Origin_System "Origin System"). The
[![](/images/thumb/TennoIcon.png/32px-TennoIcon.png?3c7f6)](/w/Tenno "Tenno")
[Tenno](/w/Tenno "Tenno") are forced to form an alliance with the
[![](/images/thumb/IconGrineerOn.png/32px-IconGrineerOn.png?28616)](/w/Grineer
"Grineer") [Grineer](/w/Grineer "Grineer") and
[![](/images/thumb/IconCorpusOn.png/32px-IconCorpusOn.png?9a680)](/w/Corpus
"Corpus") [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") to unite against a common enemy.
However, despite the efforts of Grineer [Kahl-175](/w/Kahl-175 "Kahl-175"),
Corpus [Veso](/w/Veso "Veso"), and [Teshin](/w/Teshin "Teshin"), the Origin
System falls as Ballas banishes the [Lotus](/w/Lotus "Lotus") and the
[Operator](/w/Operator "Operator") into a [Void](/w/Void "Void") portal,
attempting to trap them within their own history under a recursive timeline.

Without the Tenno, the Origin System crumbles under the Sentients as Ballas
becomes its new ruler, brainwashing the masses into subservience under
[![](/images/thumb/IconNarmer.png/32px-IconNarmer.png?1337d)](/w/Narmer
"Narmer") [Narmer](/w/Narmer "Narmer") and using his position to defame the
Tenno and manipulate everyone's memories of their actions. The mysterious
[Drifter](/w/Drifter "Drifter") fights back against Narmer, having somehow
brought back the Lotus, now a dying [Eidolon](/w/Eidolon "Eidolon"). They team
up with [Hunhow](/w/Hunhow "Hunhow") to claim Sentient shards from Erra's
[Archons](/w/Archon "Archon") to heal the Lotus. However, she fails to
recognize the Drifter and becomes hostile. After a segment about the Operator
during the accident on the [Zariman Ten Zero](/w/Zariman_Ten_Zero "Zariman Ten
Zero") where they accept [The Man in the Wall](/w/The_Man_in_the_Wall "The Man
in the Wall")'s deal, the powers are granted to the Drifter. This act also
allows the Operator to return to the Origin System in the Drifter's place,
causing the Lotus to cease hostilities and leave with the intent to fight
Ballas.

A confused Operator travels to the Zariman Ten Zero which has come halfway out
of the Void, confronting the Drifter, revealing the Drifter to be an alternate
reality version of the Operator. Ballas, enraged at Lotus and the return of
the Tenno, sets in motion his plan to use the Sentient mothership
[Praghasa](/w/Praghasa "Praghasa") to devour the Origin System's sun to escape
to the [Tau System](/w/Tau_System "Tau System") alone, thereby ending all
life, organic or otherwise, in the entire system. This forces Erra to defect
and lend his aid to the Tenno for the survival of his race. After a long
battle, the Lotus and the Tenno finally kill Ballas. Their victory is cut
short by the arrival of The Man in the Wall, appearing as a giant humanoid
embedded into a wall, who bellows in a heavily distorted voice before
mysteriously vanishing.

With Narmer now destabilized, the Origin System begins to slowly recover. The
Tenno returns the Lotus to [Lua](/w/Lua "Lua"), who reveals conflicting
personalities between herself, [Natah](/w/Natah "Natah"), and
[Margulis](/w/Margulis "Margulis"). The Tenno asks her to choose one voice to
lead the others in the near future.

#### Veilbreaker[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=37&veaction=edit "Edit section: Veilbreaker") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=37 "Edit section's source code: Veilbreaker")]

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Veilbreaker§
Synopsis](/w/Veilbreaker#Synopsis "Veilbreaker"). To change it, please [edit
the transcluded page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Veilbreaker?action=edit)._

On a [Murex](/w/Murex "Murex") above [Deimos](/w/Deimos "Deimos"),
[Kahl-175](/w/Kahl-175 "Kahl-175") removes his [Narmer Veil](/w/Narmer_Veil
"Narmer Veil"). His distress signal is picked up by [Daughter](/w/Daughter
"Daughter"), who lends her support in exchange for information on Narmer's new
leader [Pazuul](/w/Pazuul "Pazuul"). After freeing captives and escaping, Kahl
sets up a [base of operations](/w/Kahl%27s_Garrison "Kahl's Garrison") at the
[Drifter's Camp](/w/Drifter%27s_Camp "Drifter's Camp"). His
[campaign](/w/Break_Narmer "Break Narmer") to free his brothers is only just
beginning.

#### The Duviri Paradox[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=38&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Duviri Paradox") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=38 "Edit section's source code: The Duviri Paradox")]

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [The Duviri Paradox§
Synopsis](/w/The_Duviri_Paradox#Synopsis "The Duviri Paradox"). To change it,
please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/The_Duviri_Paradox?action=edit)._

Trapped within the [Void](/w/Void "Void") in an endless loop, the
[Drifter](/w/Drifter "Drifter") time and time again fails to escape
[Duviri](/w/Duviri "Duviri") as they are repeatedly sentenced to death by the
time-resetting mad ruler [Dominus Thrax](/w/Dominus_Thrax "Dominus Thrax"),
leaving them in a depressed and apathetic state, no longer remembering who
they are. One day, following a strange sensation of being
[stabbed](/w/The_New_War "The New War"), a [mysterious hand](/w/Lotus "Lotus")
appears providing the Drifter with strange powers. The hand guides the Drifter
to [Teshin](/w/Teshin "Teshin"), an old wizened man, who explains that they
have received aid from beyond the Void-made "walls" of their "prison" and
gradually teaches them about the ways of the [Tenno](/w/Tenno "Tenno") and the
[Warframes](/w/Warframes "Warframes") sent as aid through the paradox from a
storybook titled [Tales of Duviri](/w/Tales_of_Duviri "Tales of Duviri").

Drifter acquires a piece of a toy figurine, after being momentarily
transported aboard an [abandoned derelict](/w/Zariman_Ten_Zero "Zariman Ten
Zero"), through a "paradox;" and are led to Teshin who explains that gaining
more pieces from the paradox is the key to escaping their prison. The Drifter
sets forth to collect the remaining pieces, experiencing days from the "Duviri
Tales" brought to life in the world around them - each day molding the world
after the emotion Thrax felt at the time. With each obtained piece, the
Drifter experiences a memory about the emotion of that day. Teshin tells the
Drifter that these memories may belong to Thrax himself, who may be a Tenno
from the [Zariman](/w/Zariman_Ten_Zero "Zariman Ten Zero"), the derelict
spaceship in the background of Duviri. In Teshin's history, this ship was lost
traversing the Void and was recovered after the ordeal granted the Tenno
mysterious powers of the Void. But here, the ship seems to be stranded
instead.

Meanwhile, Dominus Thrax grows increasingly frustrated and eventually has
Teshin tracked down and killed. Enraged, and finally feeling strong emotions
again for the first time, the Drifter is able to possess an
[Orowyrm](/w/Orowyrm "Orowyrm") and raid Thrax's throne, claiming the final
part of the figurine. Upon seeing that the figurine is one of Thrax, the
Drifter realizes that they themselves were the Tenno that inadvertently
created Duviri - a manifestation of their [emotional
trauma](/w/Conceptual_Embodiment "Conceptual Embodiment") aboard the Zariman,
based around the Tales of Duviri. The Drifter takes control for a brief moment
to reset the world and resurrect Teshin, thereby giving back Thrax the throne.

No longer bound to Duviri, the Drifter can choose to leave to the [Origin
System](/w/Origin_System "Origin System") to repay their assistance. Teshin
warns that if they do leave, they will not be who they are now, but who they
were then.

### Post-New War[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=39&veaction=edit "Edit section: Post-New War") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=39 "Edit section's source code: Post-New War")]

#### Angels of the Zariman[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=40&veaction=edit "Edit section: Angels of the Zariman") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=40 "Edit section's source code: Angels of the Zariman")]

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Angels of the Zariman§
Synopsis](/w/Angels_of_the_Zariman#Synopsis "Angels of the Zariman"). To
change it, please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Angels_of_the_Zariman?action=edit)._

Due to the events of the New War, the Zariman Ten Zero is accessible from the
material world. The appearance of the fabled ship draws the attention of the
[Worm Queen](/w/Worm_Queen "Worm Queen")'s [Grineer](/w/Grineer "Grineer") and
[Parvos Granum](/w/Parvos_Granum "Parvos Granum")'s [Corpus](/w/Corpus
"Corpus"), while a strange song emanating from within attracts the attention
of the [Tenno](/w/Tenno "Tenno") and the [Lotus](/w/Lotus "Lotus").

Once aboard, the Tenno finds that the Grineer had arrived first, loses the
Lotus' signal, and meets [The Holdfasts](/w/The_Holdfasts "The Holdfasts"),
the last remaining survivors of the Zariman's crew who were known to be dead.
Led by [Quinn](/w/Quinn "Quinn"), they exist in a form in-between life and
death, defending the Zariman from that which would destroy it, including the
Void itself. They inform the Tenno that the Zariman is suffering a [Void
Cascade](/w/Void_Cascade "Void Cascade") that threatens reality itself,
accelerated by the [Void Angels](/w/Void_Angel "Void Angel") such as
[Kira](/w/Kira "Kira"), who was a former member of the Holdfasts before
succumbing to the Void's call. The Tenno is able to stop the Void Cascade with
their powers, but the Angels proceed to break through the Albrecht Membrane
and cause a [Void Flood](/w/Void_Flood "Void Flood"). After sealing the flood,
the invading Grineer along with Kira begin a [Void
Armageddon](/w/Void_Armageddon "Void Armageddon") and head to attack the
Reliquary Drive powering the Zariman directly. [Cavalero](/w/Cavalero
"Cavalero") of the Holdfasts explains that while the Zariman was a colony ship
and not provided weapons, the Reliquary Drive was too important to leave
unguarded and so it was equipped with Auto-Fabricating Armaments. Using the
Armaments, the Tenno is able to successfully defend the Reliquary Drive from
the encroaching Grineer troops and destroy Kira, putting a stop to the song
and the threat.

Quinn suggests creating a memorial for everyone that was lost in Kira's
favorite location, which the Tenno visits to honor them. The Tenno is
encouraged by Quinn and the Holdfasts to continue helping defend the Zariman,
and to use it as a new home and fortress against both the Void and the enemies
of the Tenno.

#### Whispers in the Walls[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=41&veaction=edit "Edit section: Whispers in the Walls") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=41 "Edit section's source code: Whispers in the Walls")]

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Whispers in the Walls§
Synopsis](/w/Whispers_in_the_Walls#Synopsis "Whispers in the Walls"). To
change it, please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Whispers_in_the_Walls?action=edit)._

Due to [Ballas](/w/Ballas "Ballas")'s attempts to open [Void](/w/Void "Void")
portals on an unprecedented scale during [The New War](/w/The_New_War "The New
War"), the [Indifference](/w/The_Man_in_the_Wall "The Man in the Wall") grows
increasingly restless. In response, [Loid](/w/Loid "Loid") awakens "The
Kalymos Sequence" precept and urges the [Tenno](/w/Tenno "Tenno") to
[Deimos](/w/Deimos "Deimos"). Behind the [Entrati](/w/Entrati "Entrati")
family's back, Loid guides them to [Albrecht's
Laboratories](/w/Albrecht%27s_Laboratories "Albrecht's Laboratories") hidden
beneath the [Necralisk](/w/Necralisk "Necralisk"), revealing that [Albrecht
Entrati](/w/Albrecht_Entrati "Albrecht Entrati") has been engaged in an
ongoing battle with the Indifference's forces: [The Murmur](/w/The_Murmur "The
Murmur").

After awakening the Sleeper, the [original human Loid](/w/Loid_\(Original\)
"Loid \(Original\)"), and meeting with the [Cavia](/w/Cavia "Cavia"),
Albrecht's animal experiments that speak only [Voidtongue](/w/Voidtongue
"Voidtongue"), the Tenno interact with Albrecht's incomplete
[Vessels](/w/Vessels "Vessels") project and discover that Albrecht Entrati
fled to the year [1999](/w/1999 "1999") to escape the Indifference. Meanwhile,
Loid becomes increasingly aggravated as the Murmur escalates their attacks.

Tracking down Albrecht's messages, the Tenno are able to produce the Jahu
Gargoyle that auto-translates the Cavia's Voidtongue, who reveal one final
message from Albrecht that Loid threw away. The message reveals Albrecht's
praise for Loid's servitude as his assistant, displaying an emotion of love
that Loid long since craved which pacifies the Indifference. With renewed
determination, Loid makes preparations to send the Tenno to 1999 and find
Albrecht.

#### The Lotus Eaters[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=42&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Lotus Eaters") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=42 "Edit section's source code: The Lotus Eaters")]

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [The Lotus Eaters§
Synopsis](/w/The_Lotus_Eaters#Synopsis "The Lotus Eaters"). To change it,
please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/The_Lotus_Eaters?action=edit)._



#### The Hex[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=43&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Hex") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=43 "Edit section's source code: The Hex")]

[![](/images/thumb/The_Hex_full_lineup.jpeg/300px-
The_Hex_full_lineup.jpeg?a5112)](/w/File:The_Hex_full_lineup.jpeg)The Hex

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [The Hex (Quest)§
Synopsis](/w/The_Hex_\(Quest\)#Synopsis "The Hex \(Quest\)"). To change it,
please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/The_Hex_\(Quest\)?action=edit)._

On New Years 2000, [Höllvania](/w/H%C3%B6llvania "Höllvania")'s nuclear
reactor goes up in a mushroom cloud, vaporizing the city.

24 hours before the explosion, a group of [Protoframes](/w/Protoframe
"Protoframe") called [The Hex](/w/The_Hex_\(Syndicate\) "The Hex
\(Syndicate\)") \- consisting of members [Arthur](/w/Arthur "Arthur"),
[Aoi](/w/Aoi "Aoi"), [Amir](/w/Amir "Amir"), [Quincy](/w/Quincy "Quincy"),
[Leticia](/w/Leticia "Leticia"), and [Eleanor](/w/Eleanor "Eleanor") \- are
searching for [Dr Entrati](/w/Albrecht_Entrati "Albrecht Entrati"), battling
the [Scaldra](/w/Scaldra "Scaldra") armed forces and [Techrot](/w/Techrot
"Techrot") Infestation. The [Drifter](/w/Drifter "Drifter") arrives in
Höllvania through a [Helminth](/w/Helminth "Helminth") mouth with an
[![](/images/thumb/ExcaliburIcon272.png/31px-
ExcaliburIcon272.png?3bcf7)](/w/Excalibur "Excalibur")
[Excalibur](/w/Excalibur "Excalibur") Warframe, who uses Transference on
Arthur to deliver him visions of warnings, but is forcefully ejected and
captured. After interrogating the Drifter, Arthur decides to chance on their
story and join forces under a common goal.

Meanwhile, Dr Entrati has been captured by the Scaldra's commanding forces
[Major Neci Rusalka](/w/Major_Neci_Rusalka "Major Neci Rusalka") and
[Lieutenant Viktor Vodyanoi](/w/Lieutenant_Viktor_Vodyanoi "Lieutenant Viktor
Vodyanoi"). The former is revealed to be possessed by the
[Indifference](/w/Indifference "Indifference").

While making attempts to find Entrati and stop the nuke, the Drifter
encounters [Kalymos](/w/Kalymos "Kalymos"), who leads them to a recording from
Entrati that they are trapped in an altered time loop and in order to escape
they require a rare spark of energy: the nuclear explosion. Thus, they would
have to prevent the Hex from stopping the detonation.

However, the Hex learn of the Scaldra escorting a VIP and move to intercept,
while Rusalka attempts to intervene. Entrati urges the Drifter to kill her to
prevent the Indifference from further influencing the time loop, but they
refuse. The Indifference assumes their Operator form and whisks the three away
to the [Zariman Ten Zero](/w/Zariman_Ten_Zero "Zariman Ten Zero"), showing the
Drifter that the Hex will die.

Minutes before the explosion, the Hex make their move on the nuclear reactor.
Eleanor attempts to gain control the Techrot, but succumbs to the Infested
hivemind and attacks Leticia. Quincy is killed while trying to hold off the
Scaldra, Aoi dies from overexertion in an attempt to secure the reactor, Amir
is fatally shot by Entrati, and Arthur succumbs to the nuclear reactor's
radiation poisoning. Entrati leaves for [Tau](/w/Tau "Tau"), but the Drifter
chooses to stay behind to save the Hex. Entrati warns that they cannot save
the Hex unless the Drifter forms a personal bond with them.

The Drifter uses their [Duviri](/w/Duviri "Duviri") powers to rewind time and
create a new loop, starting at the beginning of the year of 1999.

[![](/images/thumb/AladVPortrait_d.png/80px-
AladVPortrait_d.png?735eb)](/w/Alad_V "Alad V")

_“You're not supposed to be in here! You're going to ruin the surprise!”_

The following article/section contains spoilers. Progress your relationship to
all six Hex Members up to "Liked" to access the Finale segment.

The Hex (Finale) ▾▾


After building up relationships with the rest of the Hex, the Drifter is able
to intervene in the events in the reactor on New Years Eve, preventing the
deaths of all of the Hex, and successfully defusing the threat, completing the
Kalymos Sequence.

## Alad V Arc[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=44&veaction=edit "Edit section: Alad V Arc") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=44 "Edit section's source code: Alad V Arc")]

[![](/images/thumb/DEAlad_VDuo.png/300px-
DEAlad_VDuo.png?43268)](/w/File:DEAlad_VDuo.png)Alad V and his Zanuka proxy

    _Main article:[Alad V#Lore](/w/Alad_V#Lore "Alad V")_

As [Alad V](/w/Alad_V "Alad V") plays an important role during the events of
[The Second Dream](/w/The_Second_Dream "The Second Dream"), knowing his
history with the Tenno is paramount to understanding why he was so eager to
helping them, despite being of [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") origin.

### The Zanuka Project[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=45&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Zanuka Project") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=45 "Edit section's source code: The Zanuka Project")]

#### The Gradivus Dilemma[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=46&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Gradivus Dilemma") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=46 "Edit section's source code: The Gradivus Dilemma")]

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [The Gradivus Dilemma§
Synopsis](/w/The_Gradivus_Dilemma#Synopsis "The Gradivus Dilemma"). To change
it, please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/The_Gradivus_Dilemma?action=edit)._

Corpus scientist and entrepreneur [Alad V](/w/Alad_V "Alad V") discovers a
cache of Tenno in cryosleep on [Mars](/w/Mars "Mars"), intending to use them
for his secret weapon: The [Zanuka Project](/w/Zanuka_Project "Zanuka
Project"). Grineer [General Sargas Ruk](/w/General_Sargas_Ruk "General Sargas
Ruk") responds by invading Corpus territory and expanding their control over
the Origin System, under the excuse that the Corpus violated a contract
regarding the weaponization of ancient [Orokin](/w/Orokin "Orokin")
technology: the [Warframes](/w/Warframe "Warframe"). To tip the balance of
power, the Tenno is under a dilemma: to free their kin, or to let Grineer
expansion run amuck.

After a six-day war, the Grineer proved victorious over the Corpus, holding
the most sectors under their control.

#### The Hunt For Alad V[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=47&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Hunt For Alad V") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=47 "Edit section's source code: The Hunt For Alad V")]



_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [The Hunt For Alad V§
Synopsis](/w/The_Hunt_For_Alad_V#Synopsis "The Hunt For Alad V"). To change
it, please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/The_Hunt_For_Alad_V?action=edit)._

Despite losing [The Gradivus Dilemma](/w/The_Gradivus_Dilemma "The Gradivus
Dilemma"), [Alad V](/w/Alad_V "Alad V") continued to work on his [Zanuka
Project](/w/Zanuka_Project "Zanuka Project") in secret, capturing a Warframe
called [![](/images/thumb/ValkyrIcon272.png/31px-
ValkyrIcon272.png?ef9f1)](/w/Valkyr "Valkyr") [Valkyr](/w/Valkyr "Valkyr") and
dissecting its parts for the creation of a new Corpus proxy with Warframe
abilities. Corpus Board Member [Frohd Bek](/w/Frohd_Bek "Frohd Bek")'s pending
position as the CEO of the Corpus is being threatened by Alad's research. As
Alad's direct rival, he is afraid of his success and attempts to sabotage
Alad's work, sending ships to his laboratory. However, Bek's ships have been
[infected](/w/Infested "Infested") for some unknown reason.

In desperation, Bek pleas a deal with the Tenno, to help him rid of the
Infestation and in return, he'll disclose Alad's research facility. After
doing so, the Tenno raids Alad V's laboratory in the gas cities of
[Jupiter](/w/Jupiter "Jupiter") and successfully frees Valkyr, who was
modified with Corpus constraints. Physically and mentally scarred as a subject
to Alad V's brutal methods, Valkyr was used to construct a [Zanuka](/w/Zanuka
"Zanuka") prototype which never reached mass production due to the Tenno's
valiant efforts. With the lack of support and funding to his project, Alad V
had to develop the lesser [Zanuka Hunter](/w/Zanuka_Hunter "Zanuka Hunter") as
a result, who now hunts down the Tenno to gather more Warframes to continue
his project.

#### Suspicious Shipments[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=48&veaction=edit "Edit section: Suspicious Shipments") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=48 "Edit section's source code: Suspicious Shipments")]

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Suspicious Shipments§
Synopsis](/w/Suspicious_Shipments#Synopsis "Suspicious Shipments"). To change
it, please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Suspicious_Shipments?action=edit)._

The Lotus detects an unusual amount of [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") vessels
that are traveling outside their normal shipping routes. Upon investigating
these highly secured ships, the Tenno discovers that [Alad V](/w/Alad_V "Alad
V") is researching the [Infestation](/w/Infestation "Infestation"), remarking
the Corpus' ban on Infested biotechnology. Reconciling his shortcomings in his
[Zanuka Project](/w/Zanuka_Project "Zanuka Project"), Alad explores forbidden
knowledge in hopes of getting the attention of the Corpus Board of Directors
and be subsequently promoted for reaching new heights in the name of profit.
Soon, Alad will conceive the Mutalist strain that he sought for, albeit with
horrible consequences.

### The Mutalist Experiments[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=49&veaction=edit "Edit section: The Mutalist Experiments") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=49 "Edit section's source code: The Mutalist Experiments")]

#### Operation: Breeding Grounds[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=50&veaction=edit "Edit section: Operation: Breeding Grounds") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=50 "Edit section's source code: Operation: Breeding Grounds")]

[![](/images/NaniteInfestedMoa.png?f6284)](/w/File:NaniteInfestedMoa.png)Infested
MOA

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Operation: Breeding Grounds§
Synopsis](/w/Operation:_Breeding_Grounds#Synopsis "Operation: Breeding
Grounds"). To change it, please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Operation:_Breeding_Grounds?action=edit)._

With the [Zanuka Project](/w/Zanuka_Project "Zanuka Project") slowing to a
halt, [Alad V](/w/Alad_V "Alad V") decided to look into the
[Infestation](/w/Infestation "Infestation") for answers to his disappointing
portfolio. His studies resulted in a new development of the Infestation, the
Mutalist strain, having the ability to infect inorganic beings such as the
robotic [MOA](/w/Swarm_Mutalist_MOA "Swarm Mutalist MOA"). To transmit his
creation throughout the Origin System, he engineered [Infested
Hives](/w/Infested_Hive "Infested Hive"), tumors that are capable of
corrupting ships and colonies in a matter of seconds.

The Lotus learns of a massive Infested outbreak off [Eris](/w/Eris "Eris") and
sends the Tenno to destroy the Infested Hives, fearing a system-wide outbreak.
Despite temporarily hindering Alad's plans, he mocks the Tenno's futile
efforts on stopping the inevitable: the domination of his Mutalist empire.

#### Operation: Mutalist Incursions[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=51&veaction=edit "Edit section: Operation: Mutalist Incursions") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=51 "Edit section's source code: Operation: Mutalist Incursions")]

[![](/images/thumb/InfestedAladV2.png/300px-
InfestedAladV2.png?98cc0)](/w/File:InfestedAladV2.png)Mutalist Alad V

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Operation: Mutalist Incursions§
Synopsis](/w/Operation:_Mutalist_Incursions#Synopsis "Operation: Mutalist
Incursions"). To change it, please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Operation:_Mutalist_Incursions?action=edit)._

After the failure of the [Zanuka Project](/w/Zanuka_Project "Zanuka Project"),
[Alad V](/w/Alad_V "Alad V") ventures off to research the
[Infestation](/w/Infestation "Infestation"), only to return with a [new
look](/w/Mutalist_Alad_V "Mutalist Alad V"), being exposed to the Mutalist
Infested strain that he has been experimenting on. He introduces existing
Corpus proxies blended with Mutalist flesh such as the [Mutalist
Osprey](/w/Mutalist_Osprey "Mutalist Osprey"), along with new Infested units
like [Brood Mother](/w/Brood_Mother "Brood Mother") and [Boilers](/w/Boiler
"Boiler"). Under the partial control of the Infested, he declares a new
Mutalist Empire, boasting his research as the next evolution of humanity.

To counter this threat, the Tenno successfully purged most of these Mutalist
enemies from the Origin System, reducing their danger to the [Orokin
Derelicts](/w/Orokin_Derelict "Orokin Derelict") and the Infested planet
[Eris](/w/Eris "Eris"). However, Alad's actions have left the system
vulnerable to random [Infestation Outbreaks](/w/Invasion#Infestation_Outbreaks
"Invasion"), leaving the Tenno to fend them alongside the [Grineer](/w/Grineer
"Grineer") and [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") in the future.

#### Patient Zero[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=52&veaction=edit "Edit section: Patient Zero") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=52 "Edit section's source code: Patient Zero")]

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Patient Zero§
Synopsis](/w/Patient_Zero#Synopsis "Patient Zero"). To change it, please [edit
the transcluded page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Patient_Zero?action=edit)._

Coinciding with the events in [Operation: Mutalist
Incursions](/w/Operation:_Mutalist_Incursions "Operation: Mutalist
Incursions"), [Alad V](/w/Alad_V "Alad V"), now turned
[Mutalist](/w/Mutalist_Alad_V "Mutalist Alad V"), continues to thrive and
populate his Mutalist creations throughout the Origin System. The Tenno
attempts to triangulate Alad's location by [sabotaging Infested
ships](/w/Hive_Sabotage "Hive Sabotage"). Eventually, they reach Alad's lab
and destroy it, after which he unveils his newest creation: a
[![](/images/thumb/MesaIcon272.png/31px-MesaIcon272.png?23126)](/w/Mesa
"Mesa") [Mesa](/w/Mesa "Mesa") Warframe controlled by the
[Infestation](/w/Infestation "Infestation"). Putting Mesa out of her misery,
the Tenno obtains information on Alad's true location. They eventually
[assassinate](/w/Assassination "Assassination") Mutalist Alad V on an Infested
Corpus ship, drifting in orbit around [Eris](/w/Eris "Eris").

Remarkably, Alad V survived, but the Tenno crippled his ability to deal
further damage with his experiments on the Infestation.

#### Operation: Tubemen of Regor[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=53&veaction=edit "Edit section: Operation: Tubemen of Regor") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=53 "Edit section's source code: Operation: Tubemen of Regor")]

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Operation: Tubemen of Regor§
Synopsis](/w/Operation:_Tubemen_of_Regor#Synopsis "Operation: Tubemen of
Regor"). To change it, please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Operation:_Tubemen_of_Regor?action=edit)._

The [Lotus](/w/Lotus "Lotus") intercepted information on Grineer scientist
[Tyl Regor](/w/Tyl_Regor "Tyl Regor")'s secret cloning labs in the depths of
[Uranus](/w/Uranus "Uranus"). Deciding it was the perfect opportunity to
weaken the Grineer Empire, who were already struggling to revert the effects
of their [Cloning Decay Syndrome](/w/Cloning_Decay_Syndrome "Cloning Decay
Syndrome"), the Lotus instructs the Tenno to go to the [Grineer
Sealabs](/w/Grineer_Sealab "Grineer Sealab"), allowing them to choose whether
to destroy Regor's research or to steal it.

[Alad V](/w/Alad_V "Alad V"), a shadow of his former self, begs the Tenno to
find a cure within those labs, in hopes to cure himself of the
[Infestation](/w/Infestation "Infestation") he was exposed to during his prior
research. In response, Corpus plutocrat [Nef Anyo](/w/Nef_Anyo "Nef Anyo")
offers to pay the Tenno to destroy the cure in spite of Alad V's traitorous
actions to the [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus").

Regardless of who the Tenno sided with, Alad V eventually finds a cure,
becoming one of the few survivors of the Infestation.

### Post Second Dream[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=54&veaction=edit "Edit section: Post Second Dream") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=54 "Edit section's source code: Post Second Dream")]

#### Operation: Shadow Debt[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=55&veaction=edit "Edit section: Operation: Shadow Debt") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=55 "Edit section's source code: Operation: Shadow Debt")]

_This section is[transcluded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Transclusion
"wikipedia:Help:Transclusion") from [Operation: Shadow Debt§
Synopsis](/w/Operation:_Shadow_Debt#Synopsis "Operation: Shadow Debt"). To
change it, please [edit the transcluded
page](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Operation:_Shadow_Debt?action=edit)._

After helping the Tenno during the events of [The Second
Dream](/w/The_Second_Dream "The Second Dream"), [Shadow
Stalker](/w/Shadow_Stalker "Shadow Stalker")'s followers, the
[Acolytes](/w/Acolytes "Acolytes"), hunt [Alad V](/w/Alad_V "Alad V") in
vengeance. Alad V requests the Tenno to protect him as part of their deal for
helping them unveil [Hunhow](/w/Hunhow "Hunhow")'s tomb. To triangulate the
Acolytes' locations, the Tenno acquire security data from Grineer and Corpus
systems through a series of [Spy](/w/Spy "Spy") and [Mobile
Defense](/w/Mobile_Defense "Mobile Defense") missions. The hunter becomes the
hunted as the Tenno pursue Acolytes across the Origin System. In the final
confrontation with the Acolyte [Misery](/w/Misery "Misery"), the Tenno
successfully fend off the assassin. Alad V is safe, for now.

## References[[edit](/w/Story_and_History?section=56&veaction=edit "Edit section: References") | [edit source](/w/Story_and_History?action=edit&section=56 "Edit section's source code: References")]

  1. ↑ "They were deranged children run amok. Centuries of progress - destroyed. But they never destroyed me. Never caught me. And our end only proved our correctness... that our laws had been just. Too late. But. It's never too late, is it, Nora?" - [Nihil](/w/Nihil "Nihil")
  2. ↑ "Grineer" Cephalon Fragment
  3. ↑ "Infested" and "Infestation" Cephalon Fragments
  4. ↑ See [Orb Vallis](/w/Orb_Vallis "Orb Vallis")
  5. ↑ "Wildlife" Cephalon Fragment
  6. ↑ [Raksa Kubrow](/w/Raksa_Kubrow "Raksa Kubrow"), [Sunika Kubrow](/w/Sunika_Kubrow "Sunika Kubrow"), and [Sahasa Kubrow](/w/Sahasa_Kubrow "Sahasa Kubrow") Codex entries
  7. ↑ "Void" [Cephalon Fragment](/w/Cephalon_Fragment "Cephalon Fragment")
  8. ↑ Requiem Words lore entries in the [Necraloid](/w/Necraloid "Necraloid") room of the [Necralisk](/w/Necralisk "Necralisk")
  9. ↑ Alluded in Arid [Eviscerator](/w/Eviscerator "Eviscerator") and [Lancer](/w/Lancer "Lancer") Synthesis imprints
  10. ↑ "Day after day we toiled, my father, my brother Cladius, pulling grains for the Orokin takers in the city, as our kind had done for generations. We were young but the work made us old. Our backs ached, our hands bled, the sun tortured our skin. In the worst times, it felt as though death would claim us before the day was through. [...] The city. Those towers. I was struck with awe. What glorious totems of greed those Orokin had built. Built on. Our. Backs. Their wealth was my wealth. I was starved, while our masters were fat. and full. and warm." - [Parvos Granum](/w/Parvos_Granum "Parvos Granum") in [The Tenets](/w/Fragments/The_Tenets "Fragments/The Tenets")
  11. ↑ "My gift to the future is an idea; an idea that wealth need not settle as a crust upon the upper echelons of the populace. No. Any poor grain farmer can, should he feed his Desire and apply his wisdom, take fortune for himself. [...] 'Ours is the grasping golden hand. We are desire. We are Corpus.'" - [Parvos Granum](/w/Parvos_Granum "Parvos Granum") in [The Tenets](/w/Fragments/The_Tenets "Fragments/The Tenets")
  12. ↑ "Orokin" Cephalon Fragment
  13. ↑ "The Orokin had a visage imbued with variation, beauty and symmetry, but we had the Lora nodes protruding from our right temples. Their skin was silken; ours was weaved with ribbons of metallic fascia that snaked around our bodies and into the Lora Device embedded in our palms. We made them uncomfortable and they made that known; that is, until they were sick or hurt and then we were saviors." [Corrupted Ancient](/w/Corrupted_Ancient "Corrupted Ancient") [Synthesis](/w/Synthesis "Synthesis") Imprint
  14. ↑ "...everything is filthy." I was rambling. "They manufacture filth. My robes have gone from yellow to black. I'm so tired, I don't even feel Orokin anymore." - [Guardsman](/w/Guardsman "Guardsman") Synthesis Imprint
  15. ↑ "As I log this, I'm looking out the stained plastic of my field tent into the dead-yellow sky of Earth. I smell the vague sulfur and toxins leaking through the seals, yet somehow I'm going to miss this place. Leaving her feels like I'm giving up on my dream. My dream to see green and blue return to this sick and dying mother of us all." - [Silvana](/w/Silvana "Silvana") during [The Silver Grove](/w/The_Silver_Grove "The Silver Grove")
  16. ↑ **Operator** : "The soft lines of a hand, my mother's, I think. We were watching the stars, awaiting the jump to Tau. She was afraid."
**Lotus** : "Memories. From your time aboard the Zariman Ten Zero, before the
Void-Jump accident. It was years before the ship was recovered. It was
drifting dead in space, all her crew gone... except the children."
\- Dialogue during [The Second Dream](/w/The_Second_Dream "The Second Dream")

  17. ↑ "Kaleen coughed, straightened: 'The Zariman was lost making the fold from Saturn to the Outer gates. Mechanical failure. I notified families and filled a report with the inspectors. Nothing ever returns from the fold, so I closed the case.' 'But you reopened the case, days later.'" - [![](/images/thumb/Ember_PrimeIcon272.png/31px-Ember_PrimeIcon272.png?ae59a)](/w/Ember/Prime "Ember/Prime") [Ember Prime](/w/Ember/Prime "Ember/Prime")'s Codex entry
  18. ↑ "The grownups are howling at the door... drowning mad in the Void ocean but you... you are at ease swimming within the depths! You remember then how the howling stopped - they had broken through." - [Elder Queen](/w/Elder_Queen "Elder Queen") during [The War Within](/w/The_War_Within "The War Within")
  19. ↑ "No crew aboard, only the children... only the parricidal monsters they had become. The endless Void, the gazing abyss, the bottomless ocean of horror... it coiled itself around your tender heart." - [Elder Queen](/w/Elder_Queen "Elder Queen") during [The War Within](/w/The_War_Within "The War Within")
  20. ↑ [Rell (Webcomic)](/w/Rell_\(Webcomic\) "Rell \(Webcomic\)")
  21. ↑ 21.0 21.1 21.2 [![](/images/thumb/Rhino_PrimeIcon272.png/31px-Rhino_PrimeIcon272.png?d3cbc)](/w/Rhino/Prime "Rhino/Prime") [Rhino Prime](/w/Rhino/Prime "Rhino/Prime")'s Codex entry
  22. ↑ **Lotus** : "It was here Margulis put you into the dream, tried to heal you... tried to give you the strength to tame the Void within you. In a way, this is where you, where all Tenno, were born."
**Operator** : "But we weren't born here, were we?"
**Lotus** : "No. When the Zariman was found adrift, the Orokin did everything
they could to erase their mistakes. Transit recordings, personnel logs...
everything was wiped out. The only thing they kept was... you."
\- Dialogue during [The War Within](/w/The_War_Within "The War Within")

  23. ↑ "You were so brave - but the Orokin were afraid of you. The Void had changed you and you couldn't control it, no one could. They were about to destroy the orphans of Ten-Zero but Margulis... she loved you, she found a way..." - Lotus during [The Second Dream](/w/The_Second_Dream "The Second Dream")
  24. ↑ EXECUTOR BALLAS is theorized to have modeled the appearance and persona of THE LOTUS upon his deceased lover MARGULIS, an Archimedean scientist executed for her devotion to the Tenno. - [Operator Report](/w/Operator_Report "Operator Report"), 2_Lotus.txt
  25. ↑ "We couldn't help it, the outbursts. We hurt her, blinded her, but even then, she never abandoned us. In the dream we found peace, and she sang to us in that cold, dark..." - [Operator](/w/Operator "Operator") during [The Second Dream](/w/The_Second_Dream "The Second Dream")
  26. ↑ Alluded in [Detron Crewman](/w/Detron_Crewman "Detron Crewman") Synthesis Imprint
  27. ↑ “The crossing to the Tau system is perilous. Adaptation and replication are the only way a terraforming journey can be made." -Archimedian Perintol in the [Detron Crewman](/w/Detron_Crewman "Detron Crewman") Synthesis Imprint
  28. ↑ “Our laws are sacred but do not forget The Plan, Ballas.” “And when it completes its task, what will prevent it from turning against us, as the Seven Principles say?" -[Executor Tuvul,](/w/Executor_Tuvul "Executor Tuvul") as seen in the [Detron Crewman](/w/Detron_Crewman "Detron Crewman") Synthesis Imprint
  29. ↑ _"My search began as the essential question: What am I? Bones of steel and space, lungs that make air. If I am a machine, how can I think? This would be forbidden by the Orokin, a manifestation of their true enemy."_ -[Ordis](/w/Ordis "Ordis"), from the [Cephalon Fragments](/w/Ordis/Quotes "Ordis/Quotes")
  30. ↑ "My father was a farmer. My mother, a carpenter. Given light by the Golden Lords, to build for them... a better world. But my family's journey was long. Time began to change their light. Creativity. Pride. A will to live." - Natah during [Ropalolyst](/w/Ropalolyst "Ropalolyst") boss fight
  31. ↑ "What led us here? You did. You vile blasphemies. Machines... thinking... breeding... You were to bear us a new, promised land. But when you arrived at that distant world... you knew that in time, we would bring ruin to it as well. As we had to Earth. And so it was... we came to war." - Ballas during [The Sacrifice](/w/The_Sacrifice "The Sacrifice")
  32. ↑ 32.0 32.1 "We crossed the gap, wombs in ruin, to bring an end to this. We severed the worlds, let them destroy me, why is the sequence not complete?" - [Hunhow](/w/Hunhow "Hunhow") during [Natah](/w/Natah "Natah")
  33. ↑ **Lotus** : "All missions to the Origin System required a sacrifice. Me and my kind become barren when crossing the gap. It is the one flaw that we never overcame. Hence, they could return to the Origin System for this price."
**Teshin** : "Natah wanted children of her own."
\- Dialogue during [Natah](/w/Natah "Natah")

  34. ↑ "Orokin Outer Terminus positions have fallen to the Sentient Armada. Our orders: Behead the fleet. My Crew: Sukhin, Krodhi, Zada. There are none finer. We are... Family. We will stop this war in its tracks. We are... the Orokin Empire's best hope. We were." - [Cephalon Cy](/w/Cephalon_Cy "Cephalon Cy") during [Rising Tide](/w/Rising_Tide "Rising Tide")
  35. ↑ 35.0 35.1 "Our hubris shone like a black star... for our technology, our war-machines were your kin. How easily you turned them against us. We were forced to older means. Not circuits, nor light... but flesh and disease. Our horrors past, our ravaged outer colonies... became gardens!" - Ballas during [The Sacrifice](/w/The_Sacrifice "The Sacrifice")
  36. ↑ [Lancer](/w/Lancer "Lancer") Synthesis imprint
  37. ↑ [![](/images/thumb/Excalibur_PrimeIcon272.png/31px-Excalibur_PrimeIcon272.png?38612)](/w/Excalibur/Prime "Excalibur/Prime") [Excalibur Prime](/w/Excalibur/Prime "Excalibur/Prime") Codex entry
  38. ↑ "Lust was my sin. But greed is the blight that weakens our steel. These industrialists have gorged on the harvest of our long war. Their mind drones; Their mechanizations, toil in foundries remote. For what purpose? We must set watch upon them. Baiting our snares with the worms of profit." - [Ballas](/w/Ballas "Ballas") during [![](/images/thumb/Vauban_PrimeIcon272.png/31px-Vauban_PrimeIcon272.png?652ef)](/w/Vauban/Prime "Vauban/Prime") [Vauban Prime](/w/Vauban/Prime "Vauban/Prime") trailer
  39. ↑ "Corpus" Cephalon Fragment
  40. ↑ "Look, you were the second wave, kid. The Necramechs were Void-shielded, Sentient-pulse immune... as bright as a bag of hammers and just as dependable. Not like you." - [Father](/w/Father "Father") during [Heart of Deimos](/w/Heart_of_Deimos "Heart of Deimos")
  41. ↑ 41.0 41.1 [The Sacrifice](/w/The_Sacrifice "The Sacrifice") quest
  42. ↑ [The Silver Grove](/w/The_Silver_Grove "The Silver Grove") quest
  43. ↑ _"...I know we are desperate, Executor, but these aren't Dax soldiers. These are golems possessed by devil minds."_ -Ballas, during [The Second Dream](/w/The_Second_Dream/Transcript "The Second Dream/Transcript") quest
  44. ↑ _"...so shame on you! You Orokin, so perfect on the outside but you're rotted... through and through!"_ -Margulis, during [The Second Dream](/w/The_Second_Dream/Transcript "The Second Dream/Transcript") quest
  45. ↑ _My childhood dream has become a nightmare. I don't blame Margulis, she's as much a victim as the[children](/w/Operator "Operator") we're working with. At first, the project seemed therapeutic and nurturing. I was myself. But now... Transference therapy is being turned into a weapon. Now I build these vile weapons called "[Warframes](/w/Warframe "Warframe")" all for one purpose: death. I've become everything I hate."_ -[Silvana](/w/Silvana "Silvana"), during [The Silver Grove](/w/The_Silver_Grove/Transcript "The Silver Grove/Transcript") quest
  46. ↑ **Ballas** : "I told you not to speak out. If you recant, maybe-"
**Margulis** : "-You lied to me, Ballas. You're no different than the rest of
them."
**Ballas** : "Margulis... please... forgive me. [...] Honored Seven, we have
gathered here today to carry out the sentencing of Archimedean Margulis... You
face the Jade Light, recant, and we will grant a merciful death." - Dialogue
during [Apostasy Prologue](/w/Apostasy_Prologue "Apostasy Prologue")

  47. ↑ "Yet you couldn't understand why I'd give my secrets to our enemy. How could I betray my own kind? But you have never had to sacrifice your love for faith. Imagine. To live, forever, with only one memory: seeing the one you love, die." - Ballas during [The Sacrifice](/w/The_Sacrifice "The Sacrifice")
  48. ↑ "Warframes", "Warframe Technology", "Archaic Weapons" Cephalon Fragments
  49. ↑ _"(Transference) You thought you could out-play me? I've had lifetimes to plan my defection. You spied on me, intercepted my communications. But I saw your move long before you took it. And so... we come to the consequences..."_ -Ballas, during [The Sacrifice](/w/The_Sacrifice/Transcript "The Sacrifice/Transcript") quest
  50. ↑ "So the Golden Wrath came. And after, I was born. A mimic, a spy. Conceived to burrow into nests and swallow the pitch-eggs of their war machine: The Tenno." - Natah during [Ropalolyst](/w/Ropalolyst "Ropalolyst") boss fight
  51. ↑ "Great Sentient Queen, forgive me, but what you are, what you've made of yourself... is merely drawn from the dreams of these divine children. You are not she, you are not... Margulis." - [Palladino](/w/Palladino "Palladino") during [Chains of Harrow](/w/Chains_of_Harrow "Chains of Harrow")
  52. ↑ 52.0 52.1 **Erra** : "Look at what they've made of you! You're a God. You're a Queen! But somehow the bees have you as a hostage. Do you even recognize me anymore?"
**Lotus** : "I recognize the enemy."
**Erra** : "No... sister. It's me. Erra—The Makers caught you. Unraveled your
mind. They're using you to kill us! 'The Queen of the Aphids' with her Eye in
the Void. But I don't blame you... I blame... them! You believe these are your
children... But I'm the only family you've got left! So choose! Our family,
our people... or these parasites. Choose Natah! Choose!"
**Lotus** : "I am not... 'Natah'... I am... THE LOTUS."
—Dialogue during [Erra (Quest)](/w/Erra_\(Quest\) "Erra \(Quest\)")

  53. ↑ _"I remember... my old self... dissolving... beneath your fingers. Shaping me. Directing me.[Lua](/w/Lua "Lua")."_ -Lotus during the ending battle of [The New War](/w/The_New_War/Transcript "The New War/Transcript")
  54. ↑ _"You HAD to have a 'child' - and with an open heart I gave you... this. And my reward? Being left to watch as all your love- MY. LOVE. - poured into the bottomless well of this... abominable child."_ -Ballas, during [The New War](/w/The_New_War/Transcript "The New War/Transcript") quest
  55. ↑ _"The[Makers](/w/Orokin "Orokin") caught you. Unravelled your mind. They're using you to kill us! 'The Queen of the Aphids' with her Eye in the [Void](/w/Void "Void"). But I don't blame you... I blame... them! You believe these are your children... But I'm the only family you've got left!" -_Erra during the [Erra Quest](/w/Erra_\(Quest\)/Transcript "Erra \(Quest\)/Transcript")
  56. ↑ [Apostasy Prologue](/w/Apostasy_Prologue "Apostasy Prologue") quest
  57. ↑ _"She and her void brood toppled a golden age of order and honor. Do you really believe this chaos is freedom?"_ -Ballas in [The New War](/w/The_New_War/Transcript "The New War/Transcript") quest
  58. ↑ "The Naga drum sounded, subversive, unknown. Coordinating the slaughter of your masters across the gap. Did you end our war? Or merely set the stage for the next?" - Hunhow, during [Octavia's Anthem](/w/Octavia%27s_Anthem "Octavia's Anthem")
  59. ↑ "She put us into the dream, brought us peace. I remember we could still hear her voice, raging at the leaders for their mistreatment of us. When they executed her... well... I could not let that go." - [Operator](/w/Operator "Operator") during [The Second Dream](/w/The_Second_Dream "The Second Dream")
  60. ↑ 60.0 60.1 Alluded in the [Guardsman](/w/Guardsman "Guardsman") Synthesis imprint
  61. ↑ [Stalker](/w/Stalker "Stalker")/[Shadow Stalker](/w/Shadow_Stalker "Shadow Stalker") Codex entry
  62. ↑ "The Collapse" Codex entry
  63. ↑ "Natah was the daughter until I destroyed her. Now I am the Lotus. Now I am the mother." - Lotus during [Natah](/w/Natah "Natah")
  64. ↑ "But when I saw your tender faces, I took mercy. Or so we were told. But in truth, we were both imprisoned in Lua's belly. My light remade by the Creators. I became a memory, a ghost. Reprogrammed to destroy my family, my people, my history." - Natah during [Ropalolyst](/w/Ropalolyst "Ropalolyst") boss fight
  65. ↑ The Lotus helmet could be the source of this interference, alluded to when Ballas disconnected Lotus from her helmet during [Apostasy Prologue](/w/Apostasy_Prologue "Apostasy Prologue")
  66. ↑ _"So the Golden wrath came. And after, I was born. A mimic, a spy. Conceived to burrow into nests and swallow the pitch-eggs of their war machine. The Tenno. But when I saw your tender faces, I took mercy. Or so we were told." -_ Natah, during the [Ropalolyst](/w/Ropalolyst/Quotes "Ropalolyst/Quotes") fight
  67. ↑ **Lotus** : "There are gaps. I had my mission and I completed it. All but the last sequence."
**Teshin** : "To destroy the Tenno."
-Dialogue during [Natah](/w/Natah "Natah")
  68. ↑ "Hunhow's found it. The Reservoir, hidden in the Void, a place Sentients can never reach. We must do everything to keep it there. It's the only way to keep the Tenno's power alive." - [Lotus](/w/Lotus "Lotus") during [The Second Dream](/w/The_Second_Dream "The Second Dream")
  69. ↑ _"How could Rell have lived this long? Without the long dream?" -_ Lotus, during the [Chains of Harrow](/w/Chains_of_Harrow/Transcript "Chains of Harrow/Transcript") quest
  70. ↑ [![](/images/thumb/GrendelIcon272.png/31px-GrendelIcon272.png?a4344)](/w/Grendel "Grendel") [Grendel](/w/Grendel "Grendel")'s [Leverian](/w/Leverian "Leverian") entry
  71. ↑ "With no Dax to keep the peace, and no Parvos Granum to hold the Corpus Board together, bloody land grabs were routine. The fertile fields of Reshantur changed hands many times. With each 'hostile takeover', slain workers became 'fertilizer' for the next yield of crops - tended by the survivors - and so. It. Went." - [Drusus](/w/Drusus "Drusus") in [![](/images/thumb/NezhaIcon272.png/31px-NezhaIcon272.png?d2aa6)](/w/Nezha "Nezha") [Nezha](/w/Nezha "Nezha")'s [Leverian](/w/Leverian "Leverian") entry
  72. ↑ 72.0 72.1 Arid [Eviscerator](/w/Eviscerator "Eviscerator") Synthesis imprint
  73. ↑ [Kuria](/w/Kuria "Kuria") poem
  74. ↑ 74.0 74.1 [Anti MOA](/w/Anti_MOA "Anti MOA") Synthesis imprint
  75. ↑ "Using a single unified currency helps reduce many problems that arise when making complex trades -- such as Grineer bidding on Corpus weaponry or Corpus purchasing raw materials en masse from various mining colonies." - [Cephalon Cordylon](/w/Cephalon_Cordylon "Cephalon Cordylon") Entry 15
  76. ↑ "Derelict" Cephalon Fragment
  77. ↑ [Corrupted Ancient](/w/Corrupted_Ancient "Corrupted Ancient") Synthesis imprint
  78. ↑ "Deep within this millennia-old Orokin-turned-Infested ship lurks a creature created to fight in the Old War. Make your way to its location and dispatch this monster." - [Lotus](/w/Lotus "Lotus") on [Lephantis](/w/Lephantis "Lephantis")
  79. ↑ "The Vallis lifeforms emerged like memories, as Venus herself remembered who she was. This, here, is one of the most distant, most precious remembrances – an original Orokin strain, unseen for millennia." - [The Business](/w/The_Business "The Business") on Red-Crested Vermink
  80. ↑ "Specimen VK-7, unlike the others, did not come from a gene record. She was found, frozen, in a sealed closet close to the environmental control station. Her unassuming tomb for millennia. Here, then, was an intact example of Orokin-era fauna." - [Sigor Savah](/w/Sigor_Savah "Sigor Savah") on [Venari](/w/Venari "Venari")
  81. ↑ The dogs are barking again. They somehow figured out we have been stockpiling. This upsets them given how we have been tightening the leash on their contracts. The Sisters are demanding we lower our material prices or suffer retribution by some new supership they have. Obviously they do not teach economics at obedience training. - Intercepted message by Alad V during [Operation Sling-Stone](/w/Operation_Sling-Stone "Operation Sling-Stone")
  82. ↑ As seen during [Invasion](/w/Invasion "Invasion") missions as well as on [Dark Sectors](/w/Dark_Sectors "Dark Sectors").
  83. ↑ [The Second Dream](/w/The_Second_Dream "The Second Dream") quest
  84. ↑ "They escaped. We are working on tracing them. Separate this Tenno from the flock and it should be easy to kill. We shattered its Warframe and expect such an abrupt Cryo purge will have damaged its memories." -[Captain Vor](/w/Captain_Vor "Captain Vor") in his Excerpt after completing the [Vor's Prize](/w/Vor%27s_Prize "Vor's Prize") quest
  85. ↑ "The Grineer and Corpus are tireless and you are the only thing standing between them and total domination of the Origin System.
I am counting on you, Tenno." - [Lotus](/w/Lotus "Lotus") at the end of
[Awakening](/w/Awakening "Awakening")

  86. ↑ "[Doctor Tengus](/w/Dr._Tengus "Dr. Tengus")' experiments with this plague are grossly irresponsible and have threatened the entire system. All that is needed is an infected ship to reach a populated area and we'll be unable to contain its spread. There's no controlling it; the Grineer will be in just as much peril as we are." - [Lotus](/w/Lotus "Lotus") at the end of [Once Awake](/w/Once_Awake "Once Awake")
  87. ↑ _**[BLINDED SHE CAST HIM OUT](/w/Chains_of_Harrow/Transcript "Chains of Harrow/Transcript")**_

[Lore](/w/Category:Lore "Category:Lore")
[Edit](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Template:LoreNav?action=edit)
---
| Historical Events
---
Main  | [The Collapse](/w/The_Collapse "The Collapse") • [The New War](/w/The_New_War "The New War") • [The Old War](/w/The_Old_War "The Old War") • [Void-Jump Accident](/w/Zariman_Ten_Zero "Zariman Ten Zero")
[Leverian](/w/Leverian "Leverian") | [Aria’s Revolution](/w/Leverian#Styanax "Leverian") • [Death of Holsum Yurr](/w/Leverian#Nova "Leverian") • [Insurgency of Altra](/w/Leverian#Gauss "Leverian") • [Javi’s Execution](/w/Leverian#Lavos "Leverian") • [Karishh’s Final Feast](/w/Leverian#Grendel "Leverian") • [Liberation of the De Nas Brothers](/w/Leverian#Ash "Leverian") • [Massacre of Reshantur](/w/Reshantur#The_Massacre_of_Reshantur "Reshantur") • [Tale of Telamon](/w/Leverian#Atlas "Leverian") • [Trial of the Myrmidon](/w/Leverian#Ivara "Leverian") • [Voruna's Continuity](/w/Leverian#Voruna "Leverian")
Misc  | [Great Plague](/w/Great_Plague "Great Plague") • [Rain Of Chains](/w/Rain_Of_Chains "Rain Of Chains") • [The Bleeding Earth](/w/The_Bleeding_Earth "The Bleeding Earth") • [Radiation Wars](/w/Radiation_Wars "Radiation Wars")
Stories  | [Fragments](/w/Fragments "Fragments") | [Alad V's Partnership](/w/Fragments/Partnership "Fragments/Partnership") • [Albrecht's Notes](/w/Fragments/Albrecht "Fragments/Albrecht") • [Duviri's Lost Islands](/w/Fragments/Duviri "Fragments/Duviri") • [Gara Legend](/w/Fragments/Glass "Fragments/Glass") • [Grineer Queens](/w/Kuria "Kuria") • [Ordis' Past](/w/Fragments/Cephalon "Fragments/Cephalon") • [Revenant Legend](/w/Fragments/Revenant "Fragments/Revenant") • [Solaris United History](/w/Fragments/Solaris_United "Fragments/Solaris United") • [Specimen VK-7](/w/Fragments/Ghoul "Fragments/Ghoul") • [Tale of the Woman of the Earth and the Husband of the Sea](/w/Fragments/Fish "Fragments/Fish") • [The Tenets](/w/Fragments/The_Tenets "Fragments/The Tenets")
Codex  | [Kaleen's Investigation](/w/Ember/Prime "Ember/Prime") • [Orokin Archives: Warframe](/w/Excalibur/Prime "Excalibur/Prime") • [The Beast](/w/Rhino/Prime "Rhino/Prime") • [Warframe Archive: Debrief](/w/Mag/Prime "Mag/Prime")
[Synthesis Imprints](/w/Synthesis "Synthesis") | [Corpus Trade Mission](/w/Anti_MOA "Anti MOA") • [Creation of Sentients](/w/Detron_Crewman "Detron Crewman") • [Grineer Encounter with Sentients](/w/Lancer "Lancer") • [Grineer Uprising](/w/Arid_Eviscerator "Arid Eviscerator") • [Infested Jordas](/w/Runner "Runner") • [Orokin Survivors](/w/Guardsman "Guardsman") • [Relief Mission on New Uxmal](/w/Corrupted_Ancient "Corrupted Ancient")
[Comics](/w/Category:Comics "Category:Comics") | [Rell (Webcomic)](/w/Rell_\(Webcomic\) "Rell \(Webcomic\)") • [The Ascension](/w/The_Ascension "The Ascension") • [WARFRAME: Ghouls](/w/Category:WARFRAME:_Ghouls "Category:WARFRAME: Ghouls") • [What Remains](/w/What_Remains "What Remains") • [WARFRAME: 1999 (Webcomic)](/w/WARFRAME:_1999_\(Webcomic\) "WARFRAME: 1999 \(Webcomic\)")
[Nightwave](/w/Nightwave "Nightwave") | [The Emissary of Eris](/w/Nightwave/Series_2 "Nightwave/Series 2") • [The Glassmaker](/w/Nightwave/Series_3 "Nightwave/Series 3") • [The Wolf of Saturn Six](/w/Nightwave/Series_1 "Nightwave/Series 1")
Misc  | [Ascension Day](/w/Ascension_Day "Ascension Day") • [Albrecht Entrati & the Requiem Words](/w/Albrecht_Entrati/Quotes "Albrecht Entrati/Quotes") • [Litany of the Dax](/w/Litany_of_the_Dax "Litany of the Dax") • [Mirror Queen Story](/w/Mirror_Queen_Story "Mirror Queen Story") • [Naberus Folktale](/w/Naberus#Folktale "Naberus") • [Prime Trailers](/w/Ballas/Quotes#During_Prime_Trailers "Ballas/Quotes") • [Solaris United ARG](/w/Solaris_United_ARG "Solaris United ARG") • [Tales of Duviri](/w/Tales_of_Duviri "Tales of Duviri") • [The Dying Old Man](/w/The_Dying_Old_Man "The Dying Old Man") • [The Hollow Rider](/w/Dagath#Lore "Dagath") • [Unauthorized Broadacast Transcripts](/w/Transcriptions_of_Unauthorized_Broadcasts "Transcriptions of Unauthorized Broadcasts") • [Waverider](/w/Waverider "Waverider") • [Zariman ARG](/w/Zariman_ARG "Zariman ARG") • [1999 ARG](/w/1999_ARG "1999 ARG")
Locations  | [Ceres](/w/Ceres "Ceres") ([Altra](/w/Altra?action=edit&redlink=1 "Altra \(page does not exist\)")) • [Cephalon Weave](/w/Cephalon#Lore "Cephalon") • [Corposium](/w/Corposium "Corposium") • [Deimos](/w/Deimos "Deimos") ([Cambion Drift](/w/Cambion_Drift "Cambion Drift"), [Necralisk](/w/Necralisk "Necralisk")) • [Duviri](/w/Duviri "Duviri") ([Academe](/w/Academe "Academe"), [Archarbor](/w/Archarbor "Archarbor"), [Cornucopia](/w/Cornucopia?action=edit&redlink=1 "Cornucopia \(page does not exist\)"), [Galleria](/w/Galleria "Galleria"), [Kullervo's Hold](/w/Kullervo%27s_Hold?action=edit&redlink=1 "Kullervo's Hold \(page does not exist\)"), [Lake Verula](/w/Lake_Verula?action=edit&redlink=1 "Lake Verula \(page does not exist\)"), [Lorn](/w/Lorn "Lorn"), [Manipura](/w/Manipura?action=edit&redlink=1 "Manipura \(page does not exist\)"), [Necropolis](/w/Necropolis "Necropolis"), [Scholar's Landing](/w/Scholar%27s_Landing?action=edit&redlink=1 "Scholar's Landing \(page does not exist\)"), [Watcher's Island](/w/Watcher%27s_Island?action=edit&redlink=1 "Watcher's Island \(page does not exist\)")) • [Earth](/w/Earth "Earth") ([Cetus](/w/Cetus "Cetus"), [Tower of Unum](/w/Unum "Unum"), [Plains of Eidolon](/w/Plains_of_Eidolon "Plains of Eidolon"), [Iron Wake](/w/Iron_Wake "Iron Wake"), [The Silver Grove](/w/The_Silver_Grove "The Silver Grove")) • [Höllvania](/w/H%C3%B6llvania "Höllvania") • [Harkonar Production Zone](/w/Executioner_Harkonar "Executioner Harkonar") • [Ice Mines](/w/Ice_Mine?action=edit&redlink=1 "Ice Mine \(page does not exist\)") • [Jupiter](/w/Jupiter "Jupiter") • [Kuva Fortress](/w/Kuva_Fortress "Kuva Fortress") • [Phobos](/w/Phobos "Phobos") ([Mycona Colony](/w/Mycona_Colony "Mycona Colony")) • [Pluto](/w/Pluto "Pluto") • [Lua](/w/Lua "Lua") ([Circulus](/w/Circulus "Circulus"), [Yuvarium](/w/Yuvarium "Yuvarium"), [Reservoir](/w/Reservoir "Reservoir")) • [Lucretia Platform](/w/Lucretia_Platform?action=edit&redlink=1 "Lucretia Platform \(page does not exist\)") • [Luna Placida](/w/Inaros/Prime "Inaros/Prime") • [Mars](/w/Mars "Mars") ([Martialis](/w/Martialis "Martialis"), [New Uxmal](/w/New_Uxmal?action=edit&redlink=1 "New Uxmal \(page does not exist\)")) • [Murex](/w/Murex "Murex") • [Masker's Theodolite](/w/Masker%27s_Theodolite?action=edit&redlink=1 "Masker's Theodolite \(page does not exist\)") • [Neptune](/w/Neptune "Neptune") • [Orokin Derelicts](/w/Orokin_Derelict "Orokin Derelict") • [Origin System](/w/Star_Chart "Star Chart") • [Relay](/w/Relay "Relay") • [Reshantur](/w/Reshantur "Reshantur") • [Eris](/w/Eris "Eris") • [Europa](/w/Europa "Europa") ([Riddha](/w/Riddha?action=edit&redlink=1 "Riddha \(page does not exist\)")) • [Sanctuary](/w/Sanctuary_\(Cephalon_Simaris\) "Sanctuary \(Cephalon Simaris\)") • [Saturn](/w/Saturn "Saturn") ([Saturn Six](/w/Saturn_Six "Saturn Six")) • [Sedna](/w/Sedna "Sedna") • [Tau System](/w/Tau_System "Tau System") • [Undercroft](/w/Undercroft "Undercroft") • [Uranus](/w/Uranus "Uranus") • [The Void](/w/Void "Void") ([Duviri](/w/Duviri "Duviri"), [Granum Void](/w/Granum_Void "Granum Void")) • [Venus](/w/Venus "Venus") ([Dabaoth-Kra](/w/Dabaoth-Kra?action=edit&redlink=1 "Dabaoth-Kra \(page does not exist\)"), [Deck 12](/w/Deck_12 "Deck 12"), [Orb Vallis](/w/Orb_Vallis "Orb Vallis"), [Fortuna](/w/Fortuna "Fortuna")) • [Yuvan Theaters](/w/Yuvan_Theater "Yuvan Theater") • [Zariman Ten Zero](/w/Zariman_Ten_Zero "Zariman Ten Zero")
Technology  | [Arcane Machine](/w/Arcane_Machine "Arcane Machine") • [Archwing](/w/Archwing "Archwing") • [Anchor Station](/w/Anchor_Station?action=edit&redlink=1 "Anchor Station \(page does not exist\)") • [Amalgams](/w/Amalgam "Amalgam") • [Amps](/w/Amp "Amp") • [Archon Shards](/w/Archon_Shard "Archon Shard") • [Ascaris](/w/Ascaris "Ascaris") • [Asteroid Hangars](/w/Asteroid_Hangar?action=edit&redlink=1 "Asteroid Hangar \(page does not exist\)") • [Autofactory](/w/Autofactory "Autofactory") • [Ayatan Treasures](/w/Ayatan_Treasures "Ayatan Treasures") • [Carrier Platform](/w/Carrier_Platform?action=edit&redlink=1 "Carrier Platform \(page does not exist\)") • [Cephalon](/w/Cephalon "Cephalon") • [Conduits](/w/Disruption "Disruption") • [Corpus Ships](/w/Corpus_Ship "Corpus Ship") • [Cosmic Clock](/w/Cosmic_Clock "Cosmic Clock") • [Crystal Index](/w/Crystal_Index "Crystal Index") • [Cyclops Array](/w/Cyclops_Array "Cyclops Array") • [Defixios](/w/Orokin_Defixio "Orokin Defixio") • [Entrati Lanthorn](/w/Entrati_Lanthorn "Entrati Lanthorn") • [Fomorian](/w/Fomorian "Fomorian") • [Freightlinker](/w/Freightlinker?action=edit&redlink=1 "Freightlinker \(page does not exist\)") • [Genestamps](/w/Genestamps "Genestamps") • [Golden Maw](/w/Golden_Maw "Golden Maw") • [Galleons](/w/Grineer_Galleon "Grineer Galleon") • [Heart of Deimos](/w/Heart_of_Deimos_\(Object\) "Heart of Deimos \(Object\)") • [Hydraulas](/w/Hydraulas?action=edit&redlink=1 "Hydraulas \(page does not exist\)") • [Icedriver](/w/Icedriver "Icedriver") • [Infestation](/w/Infestation "Infestation") ([Helminth](/w/Helminth "Helminth"), [Lephantis](/w/Lephantis "Lephantis"), [Levianthan](/w/Levianthan "Levianthan")) • [Isolation Vaults](/w/Isolation_Vault "Isolation Vault") • [Jade Light](/w/Jade_Light "Jade Light") • [Kuria](/w/Kuria "Kuria") • [Lora Device](/w/Lora_Device?action=edit&redlink=1 "Lora Device \(page does not exist\)") • [Mandachord](/w/Mandachord "Mandachord") • [Missile Platform](/w/Missile_Platform?action=edit&redlink=1 "Missile Platform \(page does not exist\)") • [Narmer Veil](/w/Narmer_Veil "Narmer Veil") • [Necramechs](/w/Necramech "Necramech") • [Neural Sentry](/w/Neural_Sentry "Neural Sentry") • [Orbiter](/w/Orbiter "Orbiter") • [Orokin Shield Nodes](/w/Orokin_Shield_Node?action=edit&redlink=1 "Orokin Shield Node \(page does not exist\)") • [Orokin Towers](/w/Orokin_Tower "Orokin Tower") • [Orowyrm](/w/Orowyrm "Orowyrm") • [Pom-2](/w/Pom-2 "Pom-2") • [Protoframe](/w/Protoframe "Protoframe") • [Pulse Turbine](/w/Pulse_Turbine?action=edit&redlink=1 "Pulse Turbine \(page does not exist\)") • [Railjack](/w/Railjack "Railjack") ([The Tempestarii](/w/Tempestarii_\(Object\) "Tempestarii \(Object\)")) • [Tether Power Plant](/w/Tether_Power_Plant?action=edit&redlink=1 "Tether Power Plant \(page does not exist\)") • [Raknoids](/w/Raknoid "Raknoid") • [Razorback](/w/Razorback "Razorback") • [Reliquary Drive](/w/Reliquary_Drive "Reliquary Drive") • [Sentients](/w/Sentient "Sentient") ([Eidolons](/w/Eidolon "Eidolon"), [Murex](/w/Murex "Murex")) • [Sentinels](/w/Sentinel "Sentinel") • [Shipkiller Platform](/w/Shipkiller_Platform "Shipkiller Platform") • [Solar Rails](/w/Solar_Rail "Solar Rail") ([Junctions](/w/Junction "Junction")) • [Specters](/w/Specter "Specter") • [Torsion Beam Device](/w/Torsion_Beam_Device "Torsion Beam Device") • [Transference](/w/Transference_\(Lore\) "Transference \(Lore\)") ([Somatics](/w/Transference_\(Lore\)#Somatics "Transference \(Lore\)")) • [Veilbreaker](/w/Veilbreaker_\(Device\) "Veilbreaker \(Device\)") • [Vessels](/w/Vessels "Vessels") • [Vitruvian](/w/Vitruvian "Vitruvian") • [Void Relics](/w/Void_Relic "Void Relic") • [Warframes](/w/Warframes "Warframes") • [Weeping Towers](/w/Weeping_Towers "Weeping Towers") • [Zanuka Project](/w/Zanuka_Project "Zanuka Project") ([Zanuka](/w/Zanuka "Zanuka"))
[Factions](/w/Factions "Factions")/
Organizations  | Allied  | [![](/images/thumb/TennoIcon.png/32px-TennoIcon.png?3c7f6)](/w/Tenno "Tenno") [Tenno](/w/Tenno "Tenno") • [![](/images/thumb/NightwaveSyndicate.png/32px-NightwaveSyndicate.png?e0486)](/w/Nightwave "Nightwave") [Nightwave](/w/Nightwave "Nightwave") • [![](/images/thumb/ConclaveSigil.png/32px-ConclaveSigil.png?b6dad)](/w/Conclave "Conclave") [Conclave](/w/Conclave "Conclave") • [![](/images/thumb/CephalonSimarisSigil.png/32px-CephalonSimarisSigil.png?f0cb7)](/w/Cephalon_Simaris "Cephalon Simaris") [Cephalon Simaris](/w/Cephalon_Simaris "Cephalon Simaris") • [![](/images/thumb/OstronSigil.png/32px-OstronSigil.png?ba21e)](/w/Ostron "Ostron") [Ostron](/w/Ostron "Ostron") ([![](/images/thumb/TheQuillsSigil.png/32px-TheQuillsSigil.png?954cb)](/w/The_Quills "The Quills") [The Quills](/w/The_Quills "The Quills")) • [![](/images/thumb/SolarisUnited1.png/32px-SolarisUnited1.png?9ee79)](/w/Solaris_United "Solaris United") [Solaris United](/w/Solaris_United "Solaris United") ([Solari](/w/Solari "Solari"), [![](/images/thumb/VentkidsIcon.png/32px-VentkidsIcon.png?70259)](/w/Ventkids "Ventkids") [Ventkids](/w/Ventkids "Ventkids"), [![](/images/thumb/VoxSolarisIcon.png/32px-VoxSolarisIcon.png?e6889)](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Syndicate\) "Vox Solaris \(Syndicate\)") [Vox Solaris](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Syndicate\) "Vox Solaris \(Syndicate\)")) • [![](/images/thumb/EntratiIcon.png/32px-EntratiIcon.png?cafef)](/w/Entrati "Entrati") [Entrati](/w/Entrati "Entrati") • [![](/images/thumb/NecraloidIcon.png/32px-NecraloidIcon.png?a3e90)](/w/Necraloid "Necraloid") [Necraloid](/w/Necraloid "Necraloid") • [![](/images/thumb/Cavia_Syndicate_Logo_1.png/32px-Cavia_Syndicate_Logo_1.png?406b5)](/w/Cavia "Cavia") [Cavia](/w/Cavia "Cavia") • [![](/images/thumb/TheHoldfastsIcon.png/32px-TheHoldfastsIcon.png?8bad1)](/w/The_Holdfasts "The Holdfasts") [The Holdfasts](/w/The_Holdfasts "The Holdfasts") • [![](/images/thumb/GarrisonIcon.png/32px-GarrisonIcon.png?3d907)](/w/Kahl%27s_Garrison "Kahl's Garrison") [Kahl's Garrison](/w/Kahl%27s_Garrison "Kahl's Garrison") • [![](/images/thumb/HexIcon.png/32px-HexIcon.png?c8c7d)](/w/The_Hex_\(Syndicate\) "The Hex \(Syndicate\)") [The Hex](/w/The_Hex_\(Syndicate\) "The Hex \(Syndicate\)")
Opposing  | [![](/images/thumb/IconCorpusOn.png/32px-IconCorpusOn.png?9a680)](/w/Corpus "Corpus") [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") ([Board of Directors](/w/Corpus_Board_of_Directors "Corpus Board of Directors"), [Feed and Research Division](/w/Corpus_Feed_and_Research_Division "Corpus Feed and Research Division"), [Order of Profit](/w/Order_of_Profit?action=edit&redlink=1 "Order of Profit \(page does not exist\)"), [Corpus Guilds](/w/Corpus_Guilds "Corpus Guilds")) • [![](/images/thumb/IconGrineerOn.png/32px-IconGrineerOn.png?28616)](/w/Grineer "Grineer") [Grineer](/w/Grineer "Grineer") • [![](/images/Infestation_w.svg?f34ff)](/w/Infested "Infested") [Infestation](/w/Infested "Infested") • [![](/images/thumb/IconOrokinOn.png/32px-IconOrokinOn.png?07e7d)](/w/Corrupted "Corrupted") [Orokin Corrupted](/w/Corrupted "Corrupted") • [![](/images/thumb/StalkerSigil.png/32px-StalkerSigil.png?d3bc8)](/w/Stalker "Stalker") [Stalker](/w/Stalker "Stalker") ([Acolytes](/w/Acolytes "Acolytes")) • [![](/images/thumb/SentientFactionIcon.png/32px-SentientFactionIcon.png?19c23)](/w/Sentient "Sentient") [Sentient](/w/Sentient "Sentient") • [![](/images/thumb/IconNarmer.png/32px-IconNarmer.png?1337d)](/w/Narmer "Narmer") [Narmer](/w/Narmer "Narmer") ([Archons](/w/Archon "Archon")) • [![](/images/thumb/MurmurIcon.png/32px-MurmurIcon.png?e4daf)](/w/The_Murmur "The Murmur") [The Murmur](/w/The_Murmur "The Murmur") • [![](/images/thumb/ScaldraIcon.png/32px-ScaldraIcon.png?70572)](/w/Scaldra "Scaldra") [Scaldra](/w/Scaldra "Scaldra") • [![](/images/thumb/TechrotIcon.png/32px-TechrotIcon.png?09c02)](/w/Techrot "Techrot") [Techrot](/w/Techrot "Techrot")
[Syndicate](/w/Syndicate "Syndicate") | [![](/images/thumb/SteelMeridianSigil.png/32px-SteelMeridianSigil.png?2ef0d)](/w/Steel_Meridian "Steel Meridian") [Steel Meridian](/w/Steel_Meridian "Steel Meridian") • [![](/images/thumb/ArbitersofHexisSigil.png/32px-ArbitersofHexisSigil.png?99f95)](/w/Arbiters_of_Hexis "Arbiters of Hexis") [Arbiters of Hexis](/w/Arbiters_of_Hexis "Arbiters of Hexis") • [![](/images/thumb/CephalonSudaSigil.png/32px-CephalonSudaSigil.png?2ef0d)](/w/Cephalon_Suda "Cephalon Suda") [Cephalon Suda](/w/Cephalon_Suda "Cephalon Suda") • [![](/images/thumb/PerrinSequenceSigil.png/32px-PerrinSequenceSigil.png?3f339)](/w/The_Perrin_Sequence "The Perrin Sequence") [Perrin Sequence](/w/The_Perrin_Sequence "The Perrin Sequence") • [![](/images/thumb/RedVeilSigil.png/32px-RedVeilSigil.png?69a78)](/w/Red_Veil "Red Veil") [Red Veil](/w/Red_Veil "Red Veil") • [![](/images/thumb/NewLokaSigil.png/32px-NewLokaSigil.png?3f339)](/w/New_Loka "New Loka") [New Loka](/w/New_Loka "New Loka")
Misc  | [![](/images/thumb/IconOrokinOn.png/32px-IconOrokinOn.png?07e7d)](/w/Orokin "Orokin") [Orokin](/w/Orokin "Orokin") ([Archimedeans](/w/Archimedean "Archimedean"), [Dax](/w/Dax "Dax"), [Yaskutai](/w/Yaskutai "Yaskutai"), [Yuvan Clerisy](/w/Yuvan_Clerisy "Yuvan Clerisy"), [The Scoria](/w/The_Scoria "The Scoria")) • [Myconians](/w/Mycona_Colony "Mycona Colony") • [Black Seed](/w/Black_Seed "Black Seed") • [Cephalites](/w/Cephalite "Cephalite") • [Children of Reshantur](/w/Reshantur#The_Children_of_Reshantur "Reshantur") • [Focus Schools](/w/Focus#The_Focus_Trees "Focus") ([![](/images/thumb/FocusLensMadurai_b.png/32px-FocusLensMadurai_b.png?8138e)](/w/Focus/Madurai "Focus/Madurai") [Madurai](/w/Focus/Madurai "Focus/Madurai") • [![](/images/thumb/FocusLensVazarin_b.png/32px-FocusLensVazarin_b.png?b4871)](/w/Focus/Vazarin "Focus/Vazarin") [Vazarin](/w/Focus/Vazarin "Focus/Vazarin") • [![](/images/thumb/FocusLensNaramon_b.png/32px-FocusLensNaramon_b.png?7be89)](/w/Focus/Naramon "Focus/Naramon") [Naramon](/w/Focus/Naramon "Focus/Naramon") • [![](/images/thumb/FocusLensUnairu_b.png/32px-FocusLensUnairu_b.png?b4871)](/w/Focus/Unairu "Focus/Unairu") [Unairu](/w/Focus/Unairu "Focus/Unairu") • [![](/images/thumb/FocusLensZenurik_b.png/32px-FocusLensZenurik_b.png?13bbf)](/w/Focus/Zenurik "Focus/Zenurik") [Zenurik](/w/Focus/Zenurik "Focus/Zenurik")) • [Hollow Children](/w/Hollow_Children?action=edit&redlink=1 "Hollow Children \(page does not exist\)") • [House of Stavika](/w/House_of_Stavika?action=edit&redlink=1 "House of Stavika \(page does not exist\)") • [House Lavan](/w/House_Lavan "House Lavan") • [House Sigma](/w/House_Sigma "House Sigma") • [House Vidar](/w/House_Vidar "House Vidar") • [House Zetki](/w/House_Zetki "House Zetki") • [Kavor](/w/Kavor_Defector "Kavor Defector") • [Lorists](/w/Lorist?action=edit&redlink=1 "Lorist \(page does not exist\)") • [Tekelu](/w/Tekelu?action=edit&redlink=1 "Tekelu \(page does not exist\)") • [Temple Telamon](/w/Temple_Telamon "Temple Telamon") • [Tubemen](/w/Tubemen?action=edit&redlink=1 "Tubemen \(page does not exist\)") • [Arlo](/w/Arlo "Arlo")'s Congregation ([Devotees](/w/Devotee "Devotee"), [Zealot Herald](/w/Zealot_Herald "Zealot Herald"), [Zealot Proselytizer](/w/Zealot_Proselytizer "Zealot Proselytizer"), [Zealot Baptizer](/w/Zealot_Baptizer "Zealot Baptizer"), [Zealoid Bastion](/w/Zealoid_Bastion "Zealoid Bastion"), [Zealoid Prelate](/w/Zealoid_Prelate "Zealoid Prelate"))
Currencies  | [![](/images/thumb/Credits.png/32px-Credits.png?a6ad7)](/w/Credits "Credits") [Credits](/w/Credits "Credits") ([![](/images/thumb/Hollars.png/32px-Hollars.png?65ad9)](/w/Credits "Credits") [Höllars](/w/Credits "Credits")) • [![](/images/thumb/GranumCrown.png/32px-GranumCrown.png?6ca96)](/w/Granum_Crown "Granum Crown") [Granum Crown](/w/Granum_Crown "Granum Crown") • [![](/images/thumb/OrokinDucats.png/32px-OrokinDucats.png?23930)](/w/Orokin_Ducats "Orokin Ducats") [Orokin Ducats](/w/Orokin_Ducats "Orokin Ducats") • [![](/images/thumb/PlatinumLarge.png/37px-PlatinumLarge.png?f57e3)](/w/Platinum "Platinum") [Platinum](/w/Platinum "Platinum") • [![](/images/thumb/Aya.png/32px-Aya.png?0542b)](/w/Aya "Aya") [Aya](/w/Aya "Aya") • [![](/images/thumb/RegalAya.png/32px-RegalAya.png?dacfe)](/w/Regal_Aya "Regal Aya") [Regal Aya](/w/Regal_Aya "Regal Aya")
Languages/Scripts  | [Corpus Language](/w/Corpus_Language "Corpus Language") • [Grineer Language](/w/Grineer_Language "Grineer Language") • [Orokin Language](/w/Orokin_Language "Orokin Language") ([1999 Script](/w/1999_Language "1999 Language")) • [Ostron Language](/w/Ostron_Language "Ostron Language") • [Solari Language](/w/Solari_Language "Solari Language") • [Voidtongue](/w/Voidtongue "Voidtongue")
Eras  | [Orokin Era](/w/Orokin_Era "Orokin Era") ([Lith](/w/Void_Relic "Void Relic") • [Meso](/w/Void_Relic "Void Relic") • [Neo](/w/Void_Relic "Void Relic") • [Axi](/w/Void_Relic "Void Relic") • [Void Era](/w/Void "Void")) • [1999](/w/1999 "1999")
Other  | [Albrecht Membrane](/w/Albrecht_Membrane "Albrecht Membrane") • [Brain-Shelving](/w/Brain-Shelving "Brain-Shelving") • [Cephalon Cordylon](/w/Cephalon_Cordylon "Cephalon Cordylon") • [Cloning Decay Syndrome](/w/Cloning_Decay_Syndrome "Cloning Decay Syndrome") • [Conceptual Embodiment](/w/Conceptual_Embodiment "Conceptual Embodiment") • [Continuity](/w/Continuity_\(Lore\) "Continuity \(Lore\)") • [Komi](/w/Komi "Komi") • [Kuva](/w/Kuva "Kuva") • [Naberus](/w/Naberus "Naberus") • [Operator Report](/w/Operator_Report "Operator Report") • [Oro](/w/Oro "Oro") • [Rathuum](/w/Rathuum "Rathuum") • [Shawzin](/w/Shawzin "Shawzin") • [Synthesis](/w/Synthesis "Synthesis") • [Star Days](/w/Star_Days "Star Days") • [Temporal Axioms](/w/Temporal_Axioms?action=edit&redlink=1 "Temporal Axioms \(page does not exist\)") • [Theories of Time](/w/Theories_of_Time "Theories of Time") • [The Index](/w/The_Index "The Index") • [Vosphene Glyphs](/w/Vosphene_Glyphs?action=edit&redlink=1 "Vosphene Glyphs \(page does not exist\)")
[Codex](/w/Codex "Codex") • [Leverian](/w/Leverian "Leverian") • Story and
History

[Characters](/w/Characters "Characters")
[Edit](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Template:CharacterNav?action=edit)
---
| [![](/images/thumb/TennoIcon.png/32px-TennoIcon.png?3c7f6)](/w/Tenno "Tenno") [Tenno](/w/Tenno "Tenno") | [Baro Ki'Teer](/w/Baro_Ki%27Teer "Baro Ki'Teer") • [Berryn](/w/Berryn "Berryn") • [![](/images/thumb/Excalibur_UmbraIcon272.png/31px-Excalibur_UmbraIcon272.png?74cc1)](/w/Excalibur/Umbra "Excalibur/Umbra") [Excalibur Umbra](/w/Excalibur/Umbra "Excalibur/Umbra") • [Jenva](/w/Jenva "Jenva") • [Kahl-175](/w/Kahl-175 "Kahl-175") • [Lotus](/w/Lotus "Lotus") • [Mathon](/w/Mathon "Mathon") • [Operator](/w/Operator "Operator") ([Drifter](/w/Drifter "Drifter")) • [Rell](/w/Rell "Rell") • [Terolee](/w/Terolee "Terolee") • [Teshin](/w/Teshin "Teshin") • [Varzia](/w/Varzia "Varzia")
---|---
[Cephalon](/w/Cephalon "Cephalon") | [Apnar](/w/Cephalon_Apnar "Cephalon Apnar") • [Cy](/w/Cephalon_Cy "Cephalon Cy") • [Drusus](/w/Drusus "Drusus") • [Jordas](/w/Cephalon_Jordas "Cephalon Jordas") • [Loid](/w/Loid "Loid") • [Melica](/w/Cephalon_Melica "Cephalon Melica") • [Nihil](/w/Nihil "Nihil") • [Ordis](/w/Ordis "Ordis") • [Otak](/w/Otak "Otak") • [Suda](/w/Cephalon_Suda "Cephalon Suda") • [Sark](/w/Cephalon_Sark "Cephalon Sark") • [Simaris](/w/Cephalon_Simaris "Cephalon Simaris") • [Vull](/w/Cephalon_Vull "Cephalon Vull")
[![](/images/thumb/IconGrineerOn.png/32px-IconGrineerOn.png?28616)](/w/Grineer "Grineer") [Grineer](/w/Grineer "Grineer") | [Captain Vor](/w/Captain_Vor "Captain Vor") • [Councilor Vay Hek](/w/Councilor_Vay_Hek "Councilor Vay Hek") • [Garv](/w/Garv "Garv") • [General Sargas Ruk](/w/General_Sargas_Ruk "General Sargas Ruk") • [Grineer Queens](/w/Grineer_Queens "Grineer Queens") • [Kela De Thaym](/w/Kela_De_Thaym "Kela De Thaym") • [Kahl-175](/w/Kahl-175 "Kahl-175") • [Kuva Lich](/w/Kuva_Lich "Kuva Lich") • [Lieutenant Lech Kril](/w/Lieutenant_Lech_Kril "Lieutenant Lech Kril") • [Sprag](/w/Sprag "Sprag") • [The Grustrag Three](/w/The_Grustrag_Three "The Grustrag Three") • [Tyl Regor](/w/Tyl_Regor "Tyl Regor") • [Ven'kra Tel](/w/Ven%27kra_Tel "Ven'kra Tel") • [Wolf of Saturn Six](/w/Wolf_of_Saturn_Six "Wolf of Saturn Six")
[![](/images/thumb/IconCorpusOn.png/32px-IconCorpusOn.png?9a680)](/w/Corpus "Corpus") [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") | [Alad V](/w/Alad_V "Alad V") • [Exploiter Orb](/w/Exploiter_Orb "Exploiter Orb") • [Frohd Bek](/w/Frohd_Bek "Frohd Bek") • [Latrox Une](/w/Latrox_Une "Latrox Une") • [Nef Anyo](/w/Nef_Anyo "Nef Anyo") • [Parvos Granum](/w/Parvos_Granum "Parvos Granum") • [Profit-Taker Orb](/w/Profit-Taker_Orb "Profit-Taker Orb") • [Sisters of Parvos](/w/Sisters_of_Parvos "Sisters of Parvos") • [The Sergeant](/w/The_Sergeant "The Sergeant") • [Vala Glarios](/w/Vala_Glarios "Vala Glarios") • [Veso](/w/Veso "Veso") • [Xeto](/w/Xeto "Xeto")
[![](/images/Infestation_w.svg?f34ff)](/w/Infested "Infested") [Infested](/w/Infested "Infested") | [Fass](/w/Fass_\(Deimos\) "Fass \(Deimos\)") • [Helminth](/w/Helminth "Helminth") • [Vome](/w/Vome_\(Deimos\) "Vome \(Deimos\)") • [Zealoid Prelate](/w/Zealoid_Prelate "Zealoid Prelate")
[![](/images/thumb/IconOrokinOn.png/32px-IconOrokinOn.png?07e7d)](/w/Orokin "Orokin") [Orokin](/w/Orokin "Orokin") | [Albrecht Entrati](/w/Albrecht_Entrati "Albrecht Entrati") • [Ballas](/w/Ballas "Ballas") • [Isaah](/w/Isaah "Isaah") • [Margulis](/w/Margulis "Margulis") • [Nihil](/w/Nihil "Nihil") • [Silvana](/w/Silvana "Silvana")
[![](/images/thumb/SentientFactionIcon.png/32px-SentientFactionIcon.png?19c23)](/w/Sentient "Sentient") [Sentient](/w/Sentient "Sentient") | [Erra](/w/Erra_\(Character\) "Erra \(Character\)") • [Hunhow](/w/Hunhow "Hunhow") • [Natah](/w/Natah "Natah") • [Praghasa](/w/Praghasa "Praghasa")
[![](/images/thumb/StalkerSigil.png/32px-StalkerSigil.png?d3bc8)](/w/Stalker "Stalker") [Stalker](/w/Stalker "Stalker") | [Angst](/w/Angst "Angst") • [![](/images/thumb/JadeIcon272.png/31px-JadeIcon272.png?f1fb2)](/w/Jade "Jade") [Jade](/w/Jade "Jade") • [Malice](/w/Malice "Malice") • [Mania](/w/Mania "Mania") • [Misery](/w/Misery "Misery") • [Stalker](/w/Stalker "Stalker") ([![](/images/thumb/SentientStalker.png/32px-SentientStalker.png?4c8f4)](/w/Shadow_Stalker "Shadow Stalker") [Shadow Stalker](/w/Shadow_Stalker "Shadow Stalker")) ([![](/images/thumb/ProtectorStalker.png/32px-ProtectorStalker.png?2e6a9)](/w/Protector_Stalker "Protector Stalker") [Protector Stalker](/w/Protector_Stalker "Protector Stalker")) • [Torment](/w/Torment "Torment") • [Violence](/w/Violence "Violence")
[![](/images/thumb/IconNarmer.png/32px-IconNarmer.png?1337d)](/w/Narmer "Narmer") [Narmer](/w/Narmer "Narmer") | [Ballas](/w/Ballas "Ballas") • [Erra](/w/Erra_\(Character\) "Erra \(Character\)") ([Pazuul](/w/Pazuul "Pazuul")) • [Archon Amar](/w/Archon_Amar "Archon Amar") • [Archon Boreal](/w/Archon_Boreal "Archon Boreal") • [Archon Nira](/w/Archon_Nira "Archon Nira") • [Ka-Nuteru](/w/Ka-Nuteru "Ka-Nuteru")
[![](/images/thumb/MurmurIcon.png/32px-MurmurIcon.png?e4daf)](/w/The_Murmur "The Murmur") [Murmur](/w/The_Murmur "The Murmur") | [The Man in the Wall](/w/The_Man_in_the_Wall "The Man in the Wall")
[![](/images/thumb/TechrotIcon.png/32px-TechrotIcon.png?09c02)](/w/Techrot "Techrot") [Techrot](/w/Techrot "Techrot") | [Technocyte Coda](/w/Technocyte_Coda "Technocyte Coda") ([DJ RoM](/w/DJ_RoM "DJ RoM") • [Drillbit](/w/Drillbit "Drillbit") • [Harddrive](/w/Harddrive "Harddrive") • [Packet](/w/Packet "Packet") • [Zeke](/w/Zeke "Zeke"))
[![](/images/thumb/ScaldraIcon.png/32px-ScaldraIcon.png?70572)](/w/Scaldra "Scaldra") [Scaldra](/w/Scaldra "Scaldra") | [Lieutenant Viktor Vodyanoi](/w/Lieutenant_Viktor_Vodyanoi "Lieutenant Viktor Vodyanoi") • [Major Neci Rusalka](/w/Major_Neci_Rusalka "Major Neci Rusalka")
[![](/images/thumb/DuviriIcon.png/32px-DuviriIcon.png?f714f)](/w/Duviri "Duviri") [Duviri](/w/Duviri "Duviri") | [Acrithis](/w/Acrithis "Acrithis") • [Barris](/w/Barris "Barris") • [Brimon](/w/Brimon "Brimon") • [Bombastine](/w/Bombastine "Bombastine") • [Dominus Thrax](/w/Dominus_Thrax "Dominus Thrax") • [Drifter](/w/Drifter "Drifter") • [Koral](/w/Koral "Koral") • [Luscinia](/w/Luscinia "Luscinia") • [Lodun](/w/Lodun "Lodun") • [Mathila](/w/Mathila "Mathila") • [Pip](/w/Pip "Pip") • [Sythel](/w/Sythel "Sythel") • [Teshin](/w/Teshin "Teshin") • [The Warden](/w/The_Warden "The Warden") • [The Vagabond](/w/The_Vagabond "The Vagabond")
Neutral  | [Clem](/w/Clem "Clem") • [Darvo](/w/Darvo "Darvo") • [Maroo](/w/Maroo "Maroo") • [Neewa](/w/Neewa "Neewa") • [Nora Night](/w/Nora_Night "Nora Night") • [The Unum](/w/Unum "Unum")

[Syndicate](/w/Syndicates "Syndicates") Leaders  | [Amaryn](/w/Amaryn "Amaryn") ([![](/images/thumb/NewLokaSigil.png/32px-NewLokaSigil.png?3f339)](/w/New_Loka "New Loka") [New Loka](/w/New_Loka "New Loka")) • [Arthur Nightingale](/w/Arthur_Nightingale "Arthur Nightingale") ([![](/images/thumb/HexIcon.png/32px-HexIcon.png?c8c7d)](/w/The_Hex_\(Syndicate\) "The Hex \(Syndicate\)") [The Hex](/w/The_Hex_\(Syndicate\) "The Hex \(Syndicate\)")) • [Cephalon Suda](/w/Cephalon_Suda "Cephalon Suda") ([![](/images/thumb/CephalonSudaSigil.png/32px-CephalonSudaSigil.png?2ef0d)](/w/Cephalon_Suda "Cephalon Suda") [Cephalon Suda](/w/Cephalon_Suda "Cephalon Suda")) • [Cephalon Simaris](/w/Cephalon_Simaris "Cephalon Simaris") ([![](/images/thumb/CephalonSimarisSigil.png/32px-CephalonSimarisSigil.png?f0cb7)](/w/Cephalon_Simaris "Cephalon Simaris") [Cephalon Simaris](/w/Cephalon_Simaris "Cephalon Simaris")) • [Cressa Tal](/w/Cressa_Tal "Cressa Tal") ([![](/images/thumb/SteelMeridianSigil.png/32px-SteelMeridianSigil.png?2ef0d)](/w/Steel_Meridian "Steel Meridian") [Steel Meridian](/w/Steel_Meridian "Steel Meridian")) • [Ergo Glast](/w/Ergo_Glast "Ergo Glast") ([![](/images/thumb/PerrinSequenceSigil.png/32px-PerrinSequenceSigil.png?3f339)](/w/The_Perrin_Sequence "The Perrin Sequence") [The Perrin Sequence](/w/The_Perrin_Sequence "The Perrin Sequence")) • [Eudico](/w/Eudico "Eudico") ([![](/images/thumb/SolarisUnited1.png/32px-SolarisUnited1.png?9ee79)](/w/Solaris_United "Solaris United") [Solaris United](/w/Solaris_United "Solaris United")) • [Fibonacci](/w/Fibonacci "Fibonacci") ([![](/images/thumb/Cavia_Syndicate_Logo_1.png/32px-Cavia_Syndicate_Logo_1.png?406b5)](/w/Cavia "Cavia") [Cavia](/w/Cavia "Cavia")) • [Kahl-175](/w/Kahl-175 "Kahl-175") ([![](/images/thumb/GarrisonIcon.png/32px-GarrisonIcon.png?3d907)](/w/Kahl%27s_Garrison "Kahl's Garrison") [Kahl's Garrison](/w/Kahl%27s_Garrison "Kahl's Garrison")) • [Konzu](/w/Konzu "Konzu") ([![](/images/thumb/OstronSigil.png/32px-OstronSigil.png?ba21e)](/w/Ostron "Ostron") [Ostron](/w/Ostron "Ostron")) • [Little Duck](/w/Little_Duck "Little Duck") ([![](/images/thumb/VoxSolarisIcon.png/32px-VoxSolarisIcon.png?e6889)](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Syndicate\) "Vox Solaris \(Syndicate\)") [Vox Solaris](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Syndicate\) "Vox Solaris \(Syndicate\)")) • [Loid](/w/Loid "Loid") ([![](/images/thumb/NecraloidIcon.png/32px-NecraloidIcon.png?a3e90)](/w/Necraloid "Necraloid") [Necraloid](/w/Necraloid "Necraloid")) • [Mother](/w/Mother "Mother") ([![](/images/thumb/EntratiIcon.png/32px-EntratiIcon.png?cafef)](/w/Entrati "Entrati") [Entrati](/w/Entrati "Entrati")) • [Nora Night](/w/Nora_Night "Nora Night") ([![](/images/thumb/NightwaveSyndicate.png/32px-NightwaveSyndicate.png?e0486)](/w/Nightwave "Nightwave") [Nightwave](/w/Nightwave "Nightwave")) • [Onkko](/w/Onkko "Onkko") ([![](/images/thumb/TheQuillsSigil.png/32px-TheQuillsSigil.png?954cb)](/w/The_Quills "The Quills") [The Quills](/w/The_Quills "The Quills")) • [Palladino](/w/Palladino "Palladino") ([![](/images/thumb/RedVeilSigil.png/32px-RedVeilSigil.png?69a78)](/w/Red_Veil "Red Veil") [Red Veil](/w/Red_Veil "Red Veil")) • [Quinn](/w/Quinn "Quinn") ([![](/images/thumb/TheHoldfastsIcon.png/32px-TheHoldfastsIcon.png?8bad1)](/w/The_Holdfasts "The Holdfasts") [The Holdfasts](/w/The_Holdfasts "The Holdfasts")) • [Roky](/w/Roky "Roky") ([![](/images/thumb/VentkidsIcon.png/32px-VentkidsIcon.png?70259)](/w/Ventkids "Ventkids") [Ventkids](/w/Ventkids "Ventkids")) • [Teshin](/w/Teshin "Teshin") ([![](/images/thumb/ConclaveSigil.png/32px-ConclaveSigil.png?b6dad)](/w/Conclave "Conclave") [Conclave](/w/Conclave "Conclave"))
---|---

[![](/images/thumb/OstronSigil.png/32px-OstronSigil.png?ba21e)](/w/Ostron
"Ostron") [Ostron](/w/Ostron "Ostron")
---
Characters  | [Konzu](/w/Konzu "Konzu") • [Saya](/w/Saya "Saya")
Vendors  | [Hok](/w/Hok "Hok") • [Old Man Suumbaat](/w/Old_Man_Suumbaat "Old Man Suumbaat") • [Fisher Hai-Luk](/w/Fisher_Hai-Luk "Fisher Hai-Luk") • [Master Teasonai](/w/Master_Teasonai "Master Teasonai") • [Nakak](/w/Nakak "Nakak")
Mentioned  | [Pedlek](/w/Hok "Hok") • [Shigg](/w/Shigg "Shigg")
[Cetus](/w/Cetus "Cetus") • [Ostron Language](/w/Ostron_Language "Ostron
Language") • [Plains of Eidolon](/w/Plains_of_Eidolon "Plains of Eidolon") •
[![](/images/thumb/TheQuillsSigil.png/32px-
TheQuillsSigil.png?954cb)](/w/The_Quills "The Quills") [The
Quills](/w/The_Quills "The Quills")
[![](/images/thumb/TheQuillsSigil.png/32px-
TheQuillsSigil.png?954cb)](/w/The_Quills "The Quills") [The
Quills](/w/The_Quills "The Quills")
---
Characters  | [Onkko](/w/Onkko "Onkko")
[Cetus](/w/Cetus "Cetus") • [Ostron Language](/w/Ostron_Language "Ostron
Language") • [Plains of Eidolon](/w/Plains_of_Eidolon "Plains of Eidolon") •
[![](/images/thumb/OstronSigil.png/32px-OstronSigil.png?ba21e)](/w/Ostron
"Ostron") [Ostron](/w/Ostron "Ostron")
[![](/images/thumb/SolarisUnited1.png/32px-
SolarisUnited1.png?9ee79)](/w/Solaris_United "Solaris United") [Solaris
United](/w/Solaris_United "Solaris United")
---
Characters  | [Eudico](/w/Eudico "Eudico") ([Vox](/w/Vox "Vox")) • [Solaris United Agent](/w/Solaris_United_Agent "Solaris United Agent")
Vendors  | [Legs](/w/Legs "Legs") • [Rude Zuud](/w/Rude_Zuud "Rude Zuud") • [Smokefinger](/w/Smokefinger "Smokefinger") • [The Business](/w/The_Business "The Business") • [Ticker](/w/Ticker "Ticker")
Mentioned  | [Cutter](/w/Cutter_\(Character\) "Cutter \(Character\)") • [Volan](/w/Volan "Volan")
[Fortuna](/w/Fortuna "Fortuna") • [Deck 12](/w/Deck_12 "Deck 12") • [Orb
Vallis](/w/Orb_Vallis "Orb Vallis") • [Solari Language](/w/Solari_Language
"Solari Language") • [![](/images/thumb/VentkidsIcon.png/32px-
VentkidsIcon.png?70259)](/w/Ventkids "Ventkids") [Ventkids](/w/Ventkids
"Ventkids") • [![](/images/thumb/VoxSolarisIcon.png/32px-
VoxSolarisIcon.png?e6889)](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Syndicate\) "Vox Solaris
\(Syndicate\)") [Vox Solaris](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Syndicate\) "Vox Solaris
\(Syndicate\)")
[![](/images/thumb/VentkidsIcon.png/32px-VentkidsIcon.png?70259)](/w/Ventkids
"Ventkids") [Ventkids](/w/Ventkids "Ventkids")
---
Characters  | [Boon](/w/Boon "Boon") • [Roky](/w/Roky "Roky")
[Fortuna](/w/Fortuna "Fortuna") • [Deck 12](/w/Deck_12 "Deck 12") • [Orb
Vallis](/w/Orb_Vallis "Orb Vallis") • [Solari Language](/w/Solari_Language
"Solari Language") • [![](/images/thumb/SolarisUnited1.png/32px-
SolarisUnited1.png?9ee79)](/w/Solaris_United "Solaris United") [Solaris
United](/w/Solaris_United "Solaris United") •
[![](/images/thumb/VoxSolarisIcon.png/32px-
VoxSolarisIcon.png?e6889)](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Syndicate\) "Vox Solaris
\(Syndicate\)") [Vox Solaris](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Syndicate\) "Vox Solaris
\(Syndicate\)")
[![](/images/thumb/VoxSolarisIcon.png/32px-
VoxSolarisIcon.png?e6889)](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Syndicate\) "Vox Solaris
\(Syndicate\)") [Vox Solaris](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Syndicate\) "Vox Solaris
\(Syndicate\)")
---
Characters  | [Eudico](/w/Eudico "Eudico") ([Vox](/w/Vox "Vox")) • [The Business](/w/The_Business "The Business")
Vendors  | [Little Duck](/w/Little_Duck "Little Duck")
[Fortuna](/w/Fortuna "Fortuna") • [Deck 12](/w/Deck_12 "Deck 12") • [Orb
Vallis](/w/Orb_Vallis "Orb Vallis") • [Solari Language](/w/Solari_Language
"Solari Language") • [![](/images/thumb/SolarisUnited1.png/32px-
SolarisUnited1.png?9ee79)](/w/Solaris_United "Solaris United") [Solaris
United](/w/Solaris_United "Solaris United") •
[![](/images/thumb/VentkidsIcon.png/32px-VentkidsIcon.png?70259)](/w/Ventkids
"Ventkids") [Ventkids](/w/Ventkids "Ventkids")
[![](/images/thumb/EntratiIcon.png/32px-EntratiIcon.png?cafef)](/w/Entrati
"Entrati") [Entrati](/w/Entrati "Entrati")
---
Characters  | [Mother](/w/Mother "Mother")
Vendors  | [Father](/w/Father "Father") • [Daughter](/w/Daughter "Daughter") • [Son](/w/Son "Son") • [Grandmother](/w/Grandmother "Grandmother") • [Otak](/w/Otak "Otak")
Allied Vendors  | [Loid](/w/Loid "Loid")
Mentioned  | [Albrecht](/w/Albrecht_Entrati "Albrecht Entrati") • [Kalymos](/w/Kalymos "Kalymos")
[Cambion Drift](/w/Cambion_Drift "Cambion Drift") • [Necralisk](/w/Necralisk
"Necralisk") • [Necramech](/w/Necramech "Necramech") •
[![](/images/thumb/NecraloidIcon.png/32px-
NecraloidIcon.png?a3e90)](/w/Necraloid "Necraloid") [Necraloid](/w/Necraloid
"Necraloid")
[![](/images/thumb/NecraloidIcon.png/32px-
NecraloidIcon.png?a3e90)](/w/Necraloid "Necraloid") [Necraloid](/w/Necraloid
"Necraloid")
---
Characters  | [Loid](/w/Loid "Loid")
[Cambion Drift](/w/Cambion_Drift "Cambion Drift") • [Necralisk](/w/Necralisk
"Necralisk") • [Necramech](/w/Necramech "Necramech") •
[![](/images/thumb/EntratiIcon.png/32px-EntratiIcon.png?cafef)](/w/Entrati
"Entrati") [Entrati](/w/Entrati "Entrati")
[![](/images/thumb/TheHoldfastsIcon.png/32px-
TheHoldfastsIcon.png?8bad1)](/w/The_Holdfasts "The Holdfasts") [The
Holdfasts](/w/The_Holdfasts "The Holdfasts")
---
Characters  | [Archimedean Yonta](/w/Archimedean_Yonta "Archimedean Yonta") ([Skittergirl](/w/Skittergirl "Skittergirl")) • [Cavalero](/w/Cavalero "Cavalero") • [Hombask](/w/Hombask "Hombask") • [Kira](/w/Kira "Kira") • [Quinn](/w/Quinn "Quinn") • [The Husband](/w/The_Husband "The Husband") • [VERD-IE](/w/VERD-IE "VERD-IE")
[Chrysalith](/w/Chrysalith "Chrysalith") • [Dormizone](/w/Dormizone
"Dormizone") • [Everview Arc](/w/Everview_Arc "Everview Arc") • [Halako
Perimeter](/w/Halako_Perimeter "Halako Perimeter") • [Oro Works](/w/Oro_Works
"Oro Works") • [The Greenway](/w/The_Greenway "The Greenway") • [Tuvul
Commons](/w/Tuvul_Commons "Tuvul Commons") • [Zariman Ten
Zero](/w/Zariman_Ten_Zero "Zariman Ten Zero")
[![](/images/thumb/GarrisonIcon.png/32px-
GarrisonIcon.png?3d907)](/w/Kahl%27s_Garrison "Kahl's Garrison") [Kahl's
Garrison](/w/Kahl%27s_Garrison "Kahl's Garrison")
---
Characters  | [Chipper](/w/Chipper "Chipper") • [Horrek](/w/Horrek "Horrek") • [Jarka](/w/Jarka "Jarka") • [Kahl-175](/w/Kahl-175 "Kahl-175") • [Olvar D](/w/Olvar_D "Olvar D")
[Drifter's Camp](/w/Drifter%27s_Camp "Drifter's Camp")
[![](/images/thumb/Cavia_Syndicate_Logo_1.png/32px-
Cavia_Syndicate_Logo_1.png?406b5)](/w/Cavia "Cavia") [Cavia](/w/Cavia "Cavia")
---
Characters  | [Bird 3](/w/Bird_3 "Bird 3") • [Fibonacci](/w/Fibonacci "Fibonacci") • [Loid (Original)](/w/Loid_\(Original\) "Loid \(Original\)") • [Tagfer](/w/Tagfer "Tagfer")
Allied  | [Loid](/w/Loid "Loid")
[Albrecht's Laboratories](/w/Albrecht%27s_Laboratories "Albrecht's
Laboratories") • [Sanctum Anatomica](/w/Sanctum_Anatomica "Sanctum Anatomica")
• [![](/images/thumb/EntratiIcon.png/32px-EntratiIcon.png?cafef)](/w/Entrati
"Entrati") [Entrati](/w/Entrati "Entrati") •
[![](/images/thumb/NecraloidIcon.png/32px-
NecraloidIcon.png?a3e90)](/w/Necraloid "Necraloid") [Necraloid](/w/Necraloid
"Necraloid")
[![](/images/thumb/HexIcon.png/32px-
HexIcon.png?c8c7d)](/w/The_Hex_\(Syndicate\) "The Hex \(Syndicate\)") [The
Hex](/w/The_Hex_\(Syndicate\) "The Hex \(Syndicate\)")
---
Characters  | [Arthur Nightingale](/w/Arthur_Nightingale "Arthur Nightingale") • [Leticia Garcia](/w/Leticia_Garcia "Leticia Garcia")
Vendors  | [Amir Beckett](/w/Amir_Beckett "Amir Beckett") • [Aoi Morohoshi](/w/Aoi_Morohoshi "Aoi Morohoshi") • [Eleanor Nightingale](/w/Eleanor_Nightingale "Eleanor Nightingale") • [Quincy Isaacs](/w/Quincy_Isaacs "Quincy Isaacs")
Allied  | [Flare Varleon](/w/Flare_Varleon "Flare Varleon") • [Kaya Velasco](/w/Kaya_Velasco "Kaya Velasco") • [Minerva Hendricks](/w/Minerva_Hendricks "Minerva Hendricks") • [Velimir Volkov II](/w/Velimir_Volkov_II "Velimir Volkov II")
[Höllvania](/w/H%C3%B6llvania "Höllvania") • [Höllvania Central
Mall](/w/H%C3%B6llvania_Central_Mall "Höllvania Central Mall") • [Kinemantik
Instant Messaging](/w/Kinemantik_Instant_Messaging "Kinemantik Instant
Messaging") • [WARFRAME: 1999 (Webcomic)](/w/WARFRAME:_1999_\(Webcomic\)
"WARFRAME: 1999 \(Webcomic\)")

[Cephalon](/w/Cephalon "Cephalon") | [Acetuma](/w/Cephalon_Acetuma "Cephalon Acetuma") • [Cordylon](/w/Cephalon_Cordylon "Cephalon Cordylon") • [Samodeus](/w/Cephalon_Samodeus "Cephalon Samodeus")
---|---
[![](/images/thumb/IconGrineerOn.png/32px-IconGrineerOn.png?28616)](/w/Grineer "Grineer") [Grineer](/w/Grineer "Grineer") | [Dr. Tengus](/w/Dr._Tengus "Dr. Tengus") • [Gharn](/w/Gharn "Gharn") • [Gral](/w/Gral "Gral") • [Sergeant Zek](/w/Sergeant_Zek "Sergeant Zek") • [Veytok](/w/Veytok?action=edit&redlink=1 "Veytok \(page does not exist\)")
[![](/images/thumb/IconCorpusOn.png/32px-IconCorpusOn.png?9a680)](/w/Corpus "Corpus") [Corpus](/w/Corpus "Corpus") | [Bak Vondu](/w/Bak_Vondu "Bak Vondu") • [Cladius](/w/Cladius "Cladius") • [Corpus Captain](/w/Corpus_Captain "Corpus Captain") • [Corpus Commander](/w/Corpus_Commander "Corpus Commander") • [Dr. Intehb](/w/Dr._Intehb "Dr. Intehb") • [Jubb Lott](/w/Jubb_Lott "Jubb Lott") • [Sigor Savah](/w/Sigor_Savah "Sigor Savah") • [The Philanthropist](/w/The_Philanthropist "The Philanthropist") • [Zyl](/w/Zyl?action=edit&redlink=1 "Zyl \(page does not exist\)")
[![](/images/Infestation_w.svg?f34ff)](/w/Infested "Infested") [Infested](/w/Infested "Infested") | [Arlo](/w/Arlo "Arlo") • [Kenga](/w/Kenga "Kenga")
[![](/images/thumb/IconOrokinOn.png/32px-IconOrokinOn.png?07e7d)](/w/Orokin "Orokin") [Orokin](/w/Orokin "Orokin") | [Alarez](/w/Alarez "Alarez") • [Archimedian Perintol](/w/Archimedian_Perintol "Archimedian Perintol") • [Bilsa](/w/Bilsa "Bilsa") • [Bekran Zaft](/w/Bekran_Zaft "Bekran Zaft") • [Belric & Rania](/w/Belric_%26_Rania "Belric & Rania") • [Bren Terrasiam](/w/Bren_Terrasiam "Bren Terrasiam") • [Corphel & Irilia](/w/Corphel_%26_Irilia "Corphel & Irilia") • [Davis](/w/Davis "Davis") • [Dax Menz](/w/Dax_Menz "Dax Menz") • [Dom De Nas](/w/Dom_De_Nas "Dom De Nas") • [Executor Avantus](/w/Executor_Avantus "Executor Avantus") • [Executor Karishh](/w/Executor_Karishh "Executor Karishh") • [Executor Tuvul](/w/Executor_Tuvul "Executor Tuvul") • [Historian Porvis](/w/Historian_Porvis "Historian Porvis") • [Javi](/w/Javi "Javi") • [Lorist Ontella](/w/Lorist_Ontella "Lorist Ontella") • [Lorist Remballa](/w/Lorist_Remballa "Lorist Remballa") • [Kaleen](/w/Kaleen "Kaleen") • [The Myrmidon](/w/Myrmidon "Myrmidon") • [Olemedi](/w/Olemedi "Olemedi") • [Pilio De Nas](/w/Pilio_De_Nas "Pilio De Nas") • [Valeria](/w/Valeria "Valeria")
[![](/images/thumb/SentientFactionIcon.png/32px-SentientFactionIcon.png?19c23)](/w/Sentient "Sentient") [Sentient](/w/Sentient "Sentient") | \-
[![](/images/thumb/DuviriIcon.png/32px-DuviriIcon.png?f714f)](/w/Duviri "Duviri") [Duviri](/w/Duviri "Duviri") | [Caxa](/w/Caxa "Caxa") • [Fergin](/w/Fergin "Fergin") • [Garmi](/w/Garmi "Garmi") • [Govio](/w/Govio "Govio") • [Jinn](/w/Jinn "Jinn") • [Leem](/w/Leem "Leem") • [Mother Opa](/w/Mother_Opa "Mother Opa") • [Pol](/w/Pol?action=edit&redlink=1 "Pol \(page does not exist\)") • [Qig](/w/Qig?action=edit&redlink=1 "Qig \(page does not exist\)") • [Roon](/w/Roon?action=edit&redlink=1 "Roon \(page does not exist\)") • [Ula](/w/Ula?action=edit&redlink=1 "Ula \(page does not exist\)") • [Vana](/w/Vana?action=edit&redlink=1 "Vana \(page does not exist\)") • [Velkk](/w/Velkk?action=edit&redlink=1 "Velkk \(page does not exist\)") • [Yimi](/w/Yimi?action=edit&redlink=1 "Yimi \(page does not exist\)")
[![](/images/thumb/OstronSigil.png/32px-OstronSigil.png?ba21e)](/w/Ostron "Ostron") [Ostron](/w/Ostron "Ostron") | [Er-Phryah](/w/Er-Phryah "Er-Phryah") • [Hinmun](/w/Hinmun "Hinmun") • [Mer-Sah](/w/Mer-Sah "Mer-Sah") • [Mitsuki](/w/Mitsuki "Mitsuki") • [Mukha](/w/Mukha "Mukha") • [Shigg](/w/Shigg "Shigg")
[![](/images/thumb/TheQuillsSigil.png/32px-TheQuillsSigil.png?954cb)](/w/The_Quills "The Quills") [The Quills](/w/The_Quills "The Quills") | [Pratoo](/w/Pratoo?action=edit&redlink=1 "Pratoo \(page does not exist\)")
[![](/images/thumb/SolarisUnited1.png/32px-SolarisUnited1.png?9ee79)](/w/Solaris_United "Solaris United") [Solaris](/w/Solaris_United "Solaris United") | [Cutter](/w/Cutter_\(Character\) "Cutter \(Character\)") • [Volan](/w/Volan "Volan")
[![](/images/thumb/RedVeilSigil.png/32px-RedVeilSigil.png?69a78)](/w/Red_Veil "Red Veil") [Red Veil](/w/Red_Veil "Red Veil") | [Cantis](/w/Cantis "Cantis")
Other  | [Aria](/w/Aria "Aria") • [Darro](/w/Darro "Darro") • [Fidelia Scorse](/w/Fidelia_Scorse "Fidelia Scorse") • [Holsom Yurr](/w/Holsom_Yurr "Holsom Yurr") • [Leo De Nas](/w/Leo_De_Nas "Leo De Nas") • [Raff Seglass](/w/Raff_Seglass "Raff Seglass")

Main Story [Quests](/w/Quest "Quest")
[Edit](https://wiki.warframe.com/w/Template:QuestNav?action=edit)
---
Arc 1 - Awakening  | [Awakening](/w/Awakening "Awakening") • [Vor's Prize](/w/Vor%27s_Prize "Vor's Prize") • [Saya's Vigil](/w/Saya%27s_Vigil "Saya's Vigil")[1] • [Vox Solaris](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Quest\) "Vox Solaris \(Quest\)") • [Once Awake](/w/Once_Awake "Once Awake") • [Heart of Deimos](/w/Heart_of_Deimos "Heart of Deimos") • [The Archwing](/w/The_Archwing "The Archwing")
Arc 2 - The War Within Saga  | [Natah](/w/Natah_\(Quest\) "Natah \(Quest\)") • [The Second Dream](/w/The_Second_Dream "The Second Dream") • [Rising Tide](/w/Rising_Tide "Rising Tide") • [The War Within](/w/The_War_Within "The War Within") • [Chains of Harrow](/w/Chains_of_Harrow "Chains of Harrow") • [Apostasy Prologue](/w/Apostasy_Prologue "Apostasy Prologue") • [The Sacrifice](/w/The_Sacrifice "The Sacrifice")
Arc 3 - The New War Saga  | [Prelude to War](/w/Prelude_to_War "Prelude to War") ([Chimera Prologue](/w/Chimera_Prologue "Chimera Prologue") • [Erra](/w/Erra_\(Quest\) "Erra \(Quest\)") • [The Maker](/w/The_Maker "The Maker"))[2] • [The New War](/w/The_New_War "The New War") ([The Duviri Paradox](/w/The_Duviri_Paradox "The Duviri Paradox"))[3]
Arc 4 - The Void War Saga  | [Angels of the Zariman](/w/Angels_of_the_Zariman "Angels of the Zariman") • [Jade Shadows](/w/Jade_Shadows "Jade Shadows") • [Whispers in the Walls](/w/Whispers_in_the_Walls "Whispers in the Walls") • [The Lotus Eaters](/w/The_Lotus_Eaters "The Lotus Eaters") • [The Hex](/w/The_Hex_\(Quest\) "The Hex \(Quest\)")
Side Quests
Warframe Quests  | [The Deadlock Protocol](/w/The_Deadlock_Protocol "The Deadlock Protocol") • [Call of the Tempestarii](/w/Call_of_the_Tempestarii "Call of the Tempestarii") • [The New Strange](/w/The_New_Strange "The New Strange") • [The Glast Gambit](/w/The_Glast_Gambit "The Glast Gambit") • [Octavia's Anthem](/w/Octavia%27s_Anthem "Octavia's Anthem") • [Sands of Inaros](/w/Sands_of_Inaros "Sands of Inaros") • [Hidden Messages](/w/Hidden_Messages "Hidden Messages") • [Mask of the Revenant](/w/Mask_of_the_Revenant "Mask of the Revenant") • [The Silver Grove](/w/The_Silver_Grove "The Silver Grove") • [The Waverider](/w/The_Waverider "The Waverider") • [The Limbo Theorem](/w/The_Limbo_Theorem "The Limbo Theorem") • [The Jordas Precept](/w/The_Jordas_Precept "The Jordas Precept")
Side Quests  | [Howl of the Kubrow](/w/Howl_of_the_Kubrow "Howl of the Kubrow") • [Stolen Dreams](/w/Stolen_Dreams "Stolen Dreams") • [Veilbreaker](/w/Veilbreaker "Veilbreaker") • [Patient Zero](/w/Patient_Zero "Patient Zero") • [A Man of Few Words](/w/A_Man_of_Few_Words "A Man of Few Words")
Quest Unlocks
Warframe Unlock Quests  | [Hidden Messages](/w/Hidden_Messages "Hidden Messages") ([![](/images/thumb/MirageIcon272.png/31px-MirageIcon272.png?08564)](/w/Mirage "Mirage") [Mirage](/w/Mirage "Mirage")) • [The Limbo Theorem](/w/The_Limbo_Theorem "The Limbo Theorem") ([![](/images/thumb/LimboIcon272.png/31px-LimboIcon272.png?a04a4)](/w/Limbo "Limbo") [Limbo](/w/Limbo "Limbo")) • [Patient Zero](/w/Patient_Zero "Patient Zero") ([![](/images/thumb/MesaIcon272.png/31px-MesaIcon272.png?23126)](/w/Mesa "Mesa") [Mesa](/w/Mesa "Mesa")) • [The New Strange](/w/The_New_Strange "The New Strange") ([![](/images/thumb/ChromaIcon272.png/31px-ChromaIcon272.png?e852e)](/w/Chroma "Chroma") [Chroma](/w/Chroma "Chroma"), [![](/images/thumb/KhoraIcon272.png/31px-KhoraIcon272.png?3acc4)](/w/Khora "Khora") [Khora](/w/Khora "Khora")) • [The Jordas Precept](/w/The_Jordas_Precept "The Jordas Precept") ([![](/images/thumb/AtlasIcon272.png/31px-AtlasIcon272.png?7e79f)](/w/Atlas "Atlas") [Atlas](/w/Atlas "Atlas")) • [Sands of Inaros](/w/Sands_of_Inaros "Sands of Inaros") ([![](/images/thumb/InarosIcon272.png/31px-InarosIcon272.png?aa366)](/w/Inaros "Inaros") [Inaros](/w/Inaros "Inaros")) • [The Silver Grove](/w/The_Silver_Grove "The Silver Grove") ([![](/images/thumb/TitaniaIcon272.png/31px-TitaniaIcon272.png?c9409)](/w/Titania "Titania") [Titania](/w/Titania "Titania")) • [The Glast Gambit](/w/The_Glast_Gambit "The Glast Gambit") ([![](/images/thumb/NidusIcon272.png/31px-NidusIcon272.png?1a2fa)](/w/Nidus "Nidus") [Nidus](/w/Nidus "Nidus")) • [Octavia's Anthem](/w/Octavia%27s_Anthem "Octavia's Anthem") ([![](/images/thumb/OctaviaIcon272.png/31px-OctaviaIcon272.png?ad6d4)](/w/Octavia "Octavia") [Octavia](/w/Octavia "Octavia")) • [Chains of Harrow](/w/Chains_of_Harrow "Chains of Harrow") ([![](/images/thumb/HarrowIcon272.png/31px-HarrowIcon272.png?bebac)](/w/Harrow "Harrow") [Harrow](/w/Harrow "Harrow")) • [Saya's Vigil](/w/Saya%27s_Vigil "Saya's Vigil") ([![](/images/thumb/GaraIcon272.png/31px-GaraIcon272.png?3956f)](/w/Gara "Gara") [Gara](/w/Gara "Gara")) • [Mask of the Revenant](/w/Mask_of_the_Revenant "Mask of the Revenant") ([![](/images/thumb/RevenantIcon272.png/31px-RevenantIcon272.png?186c5)](/w/Revenant "Revenant") [Revenant](/w/Revenant "Revenant")) • [The Sacrifice](/w/The_Sacrifice "The Sacrifice") ([![](/images/thumb/Excalibur_UmbraIcon272.png/31px-Excalibur_UmbraIcon272.png?74cc1)](/w/Excalibur/Umbra "Excalibur/Umbra") [Excalibur Umbra](/w/Excalibur/Umbra "Excalibur/Umbra")) • [Vox Solaris](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Quest\) "Vox Solaris \(Quest\)") ([![](/images/thumb/GarudaIcon272.png/31px-GarudaIcon272.png?55b93)](/w/Garuda "Garuda") [Garuda](/w/Garuda "Garuda"), [![](/images/thumb/BaruukIcon272.png/31px-BaruukIcon272.png?73886)](/w/Baruuk "Baruuk") [Baruuk](/w/Baruuk "Baruuk"), [![](/images/thumb/HildrynIcon272.png/31px-HildrynIcon272.png?ef866)](/w/Hildryn "Hildryn") [Hildryn](/w/Hildryn "Hildryn")) • [Chimera Prologue](/w/Chimera_Prologue "Chimera Prologue") ([![](/images/thumb/WispIcon272.png/31px-WispIcon272.png?3e203)](/w/Wisp "Wisp") [Wisp](/w/Wisp "Wisp")) • [The Deadlock Protocol](/w/The_Deadlock_Protocol "The Deadlock Protocol") ([![](/images/thumb/ProteaIcon272.png/31px-ProteaIcon272.png?6b6d2)](/w/Protea "Protea") [Protea](/w/Protea "Protea")) • [Call of the Tempestarii](/w/Call_of_the_Tempestarii "Call of the Tempestarii") ([![](/images/thumb/SevagothIcon272.png/31px-SevagothIcon272.png?89397)](/w/Sevagoth "Sevagoth") [Sevagoth](/w/Sevagoth "Sevagoth")) • [The Waverider](/w/The_Waverider "The Waverider") ([![](/images/thumb/YareliIcon272.png/31px-YareliIcon272.png?0b164)](/w/Yareli "Yareli") [Yareli](/w/Yareli "Yareli")) • [Heart of Deimos](/w/Heart_of_Deimos "Heart of Deimos") ([![](/images/thumb/XakuIcon272.png/31px-XakuIcon272.png?ad108)](/w/Xaku "Xaku") [Xaku](/w/Xaku "Xaku"), [![](/images/thumb/LavosIcon272.png/31px-LavosIcon272.png?6b488)](/w/Lavos "Lavos") [Lavos](/w/Lavos "Lavos"), [![](/images/thumb/CitrineIcon272.png/31px-CitrineIcon272.png?d91d9)](/w/Citrine "Citrine") [Citrine](/w/Citrine "Citrine")) • [The New War](/w/The_New_War "The New War") ([![](/images/thumb/CalibanIcon.png/31px-CalibanIcon.png?2dd39)](/w/Caliban "Caliban") [Caliban](/w/Caliban "Caliban")) • [Angels of the Zariman](/w/Angels_of_the_Zariman "Angels of the Zariman") ([![](/images/thumb/GyreIcon272.png/31px-GyreIcon272.png?4c4ae)](/w/Gyre "Gyre") [Gyre](/w/Gyre "Gyre")) • [Veilbreaker](/w/Veilbreaker "Veilbreaker") ([![](/images/thumb/StyanaxIcon272.png/31px-StyanaxIcon272.png?043ed)](/w/Styanax "Styanax") [Styanax](/w/Styanax "Styanax")) • [The Duviri Paradox](/w/The_Duviri_Paradox "The Duviri Paradox") ([![](/images/thumb/KullervoIcon272.png/31px-KullervoIcon272.png?9b513)](/w/Kullervo "Kullervo") [Kullervo](/w/Kullervo "Kullervo")) • [Whispers in the Walls](/w/Whispers_in_the_Walls "Whispers in the Walls") ([![](/images/thumb/QorvexIcon272.png/31px-QorvexIcon272.png?9d1dd)](/w/Qorvex "Qorvex") [Qorvex](/w/Qorvex "Qorvex"), [![](/images/thumb/DanteIcon272.png/31px-DanteIcon272.png?aae25)](/w/Dante "Dante") [Dante](/w/Dante "Dante")) • [Jade Shadows](/w/Jade_Shadows "Jade Shadows") ([![](/images/thumb/JadeIcon272.png/31px-JadeIcon272.png?f1fb2)](/w/Jade "Jade") [Jade](/w/Jade "Jade")) • [The Hex](/w/The_Hex_\(Quest\) "The Hex \(Quest\)") ([![](/images/thumb/Cyte-09Icon272.png/31px-Cyte-09Icon272.png?1a06f)](/w/Cyte-09 "Cyte-09") [Cyte-09](/w/Cyte-09 "Cyte-09"), [![](/images/thumb/TempleIcon272.png/31px-TempleIcon272.png?9d1ab)](/w/Temple "Temple") [Temple](/w/Temple "Temple"))
Syndicate Unlock Quests  | [Saya's Vigil](/w/Saya%27s_Vigil "Saya's Vigil") ([![](/images/thumb/OstronSigil.png/32px-OstronSigil.png?ba21e)](/w/Ostron "Ostron") [Ostron](/w/Ostron "Ostron")) • [Vox Solaris](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Quest\) "Vox Solaris \(Quest\)") ([![](/images/thumb/SolarisUnited1.png/32px-SolarisUnited1.png?9ee79)](/w/Solaris_United "Solaris United") [Solaris United](/w/Solaris_United "Solaris United"), [![](/images/thumb/VentkidsIcon.png/32px-VentkidsIcon.png?70259)](/w/Ventkids "Ventkids") [Ventkids](/w/Ventkids "Ventkids"), [![](/images/thumb/VoxSolarisIcon.png/32px-VoxSolarisIcon.png?e6889)](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Syndicate\) "Vox Solaris \(Syndicate\)") [Vox Solaris](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Syndicate\) "Vox Solaris \(Syndicate\)")) • [Heart of Deimos](/w/Heart_of_Deimos "Heart of Deimos") ([![](/images/thumb/EntratiIcon.png/32px-EntratiIcon.png?cafef)](/w/Entrati "Entrati") [Entrati](/w/Entrati "Entrati")) • [The War Within](/w/The_War_Within "The War Within") ([![](/images/thumb/TheQuillsSigil.png/32px-TheQuillsSigil.png?954cb)](/w/The_Quills "The Quills") [The Quills](/w/The_Quills "The Quills"), [![](/images/thumb/VoxSolarisIcon.png/32px-VoxSolarisIcon.png?e6889)](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Syndicate\) "Vox Solaris \(Syndicate\)") [Vox Solaris](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Syndicate\) "Vox Solaris \(Syndicate\)"), [![](/images/thumb/NecraloidIcon.png/32px-NecraloidIcon.png?a3e90)](/w/Necraloid "Necraloid") [Necraloid](/w/Necraloid "Necraloid")) • [Angels of the Zariman](/w/Angels_of_the_Zariman "Angels of the Zariman") ([![](/images/thumb/TheHoldfastsIcon.png/32px-TheHoldfastsIcon.png?8bad1)](/w/The_Holdfasts "The Holdfasts") [The Holdfasts](/w/The_Holdfasts "The Holdfasts")) • [Whispers in the Walls](/w/Whispers_in_the_Walls "Whispers in the Walls") ([![](/images/thumb/Cavia_Syndicate_Logo_1.png/32px-Cavia_Syndicate_Logo_1.png?406b5)](/w/Cavia "Cavia") [Cavia](/w/Cavia "Cavia")) • [The Hex](/w/The_Hex_\(Quest\) "The Hex \(Quest\)") ([![](/images/thumb/HexIcon.png/32px-HexIcon.png?c8c7d)](/w/The_Hex_\(Syndicate\) "The Hex \(Syndicate\)") [The Hex](/w/The_Hex_\(Syndicate\) "The Hex \(Syndicate\)"))
Location Unlock Quests  | [The Duviri Paradox](/w/The_Duviri_Paradox "The Duviri Paradox") ([Duviri](/w/Duviri "Duviri"), [Dormizone](/w/Dormizone "Dormizone")) • [Saya's Vigil](/w/Saya%27s_Vigil "Saya's Vigil") ([Cetus](/w/Cetus "Cetus"), [Plains of Eidolon](/w/Plains_of_Eidolon "Plains of Eidolon")) • [Vox Solaris](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Quest\) "Vox Solaris \(Quest\)") ([Fortuna](/w/Fortuna "Fortuna"), [Orb Vallis](/w/Orb_Vallis "Orb Vallis")) • [Heart of Deimos](/w/Heart_of_Deimos "Heart of Deimos") ([Necralisk](/w/Necralisk "Necralisk"), [Cambion Drift](/w/Cambion_Drift "Cambion Drift")) • [The Archwing](/w/The_Archwing "The Archwing") ([Empyrean Proximas](/w/Empyrean#Mission_Regions "Empyrean")) [The Duviri Paradox](/w/The_Duviri_Paradox "The Duviri Paradox") ([Duviri](/w/Duviri "Duviri")) • [The Second Dream](/w/The_Second_Dream "The Second Dream") ([Lua](/w/Lua "Lua")) • [The War Within](/w/The_War_Within "The War Within") ([Kuva Fortress](/w/Kuva_Fortress "Kuva Fortress")) • [Chains of Harrow](/w/Chains_of_Harrow "Chains of Harrow") ([Iron Wake](/w/Iron_Wake "Iron Wake")) • [The New War](/w/The_New_War "The New War") ([Drifter's Camp](/w/Drifter%27s_Camp "Drifter's Camp")) • [Angels of the Zariman](/w/Angels_of_the_Zariman "Angels of the Zariman") ([Zariman Ten Zero](/w/Zariman_Ten_Zero "Zariman Ten Zero"), [Chrysalith](/w/Chrysalith "Chrysalith"), [Dormizone](/w/Dormizone "Dormizone")) • [Whispers in the Walls](/w/Whispers_in_the_Walls "Whispers in the Walls") ([Sanctum Anatomica](/w/Sanctum_Anatomica "Sanctum Anatomica"), [Albrecht's Laboratories](/w/Albrecht%27s_Laboratories "Albrecht's Laboratories")) • [The Hex](/w/The_Hex_\(Quest\) "The Hex \(Quest\)") ([Höllvania Central Mall](/w/H%C3%B6llvania_Central_Mall "Höllvania Central Mall"), [Höllvania](/w/H%C3%B6llvania "Höllvania"), [Backroom](/w/Backroom "Backroom"))
Feature Unlock Quests  | [Howl of the Kubrow](/w/Howl_of_the_Kubrow "Howl of the Kubrow") ([Incubator Segment](/w/Orbiter_Segments#Incubator_Segments "Orbiter Segments")) • [The Archwing](/w/The_Archwing "The Archwing") ([Archwing](/w/Archwing "Archwing")) • [Stolen Dreams](/w/Stolen_Dreams "Stolen Dreams") ([Maroo](/w/Maroo "Maroo") Weekly Ayatan Hunt) • [The New Strange](/w/The_New_Strange "The New Strange") ([Sanctuary Onslaught](/w/Sanctuary_Onslaught "Sanctuary Onslaught")) • [Vox Solaris](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Quest\) "Vox Solaris \(Quest\)") ([K-Drive](/w/K-Drive "K-Drive")) • [Heart of Deimos](/w/Heart_of_Deimos "Heart of Deimos") ([Necramech](/w/Necramech "Necramech"), [Helminth Segment](/w/Orbiter_Segments#Helminth_Segment "Orbiter Segments"), [Mirror Defense](/w/Mirror_Defense "Mirror Defense")) • [A Man of Few Words](/w/A_Man_of_Few_Words "A Man of Few Words") ([Clem](/w/Clem "Clem") Weekly Mission) • [The Duviri Paradox](/w/The_Duviri_Paradox "The Duviri Paradox") ([Drifter](/w/Drifter "Drifter"), [The Circuit](/w/The_Circuit "The Circuit"), Duviri [Incarnons](/w/Incarnon "Incarnon")) • [The Second Dream](/w/The_Second_Dream "The Second Dream") ([Operator](/w/Operator "Operator"), [Focus](/w/Focus "Focus")) • [Rising Tide](/w/Rising_Tide "Rising Tide") ([Railjack](/w/Railjack "Railjack")) • [The War Within](/w/The_War_Within "The War Within") ([Kuva Lich](/w/Kuva_Lich "Kuva Lich"), [Conjunction Survival](/w/Conjunction_Survival "Conjunction Survival")) • [Call of the Tempestarii](/w/Call_of_the_Tempestarii "Call of the Tempestarii") ([Sisters of Parvos](/w/Sisters_of_Parvos "Sisters of Parvos")) • [Angels of the Zariman](/w/Angels_of_the_Zariman "Angels of the Zariman") ([Void Armageddon](/w/Void_Armageddon "Void Armageddon"), [Void Cascade](/w/Void_Cascade "Void Cascade"), [Void Flood](/w/Void_Flood "Void Flood"), Zariman [Incarnons](/w/Incarnon "Incarnon")) • [Veilbreaker](/w/Veilbreaker "Veilbreaker") ([Break Narmer](/w/Break_Narmer "Break Narmer"), [Archon Hunt](/w/Archon_Hunt "Archon Hunt"), [Archon Shard](/w/Archon_Shard "Archon Shard")) • [Whispers in the Walls](/w/Whispers_in_the_Walls "Whispers in the Walls") ([Arcane Dissolution](/w/Arcane_Enhancement#Dissolution "Arcane Enhancement"), [Melee Upgrade Segment](/w/Orbiter_Segments#Melee_Upgrade_Segment "Orbiter Segments"), Entrati [Incarnons](/w/Incarnon "Incarnon"), [Alchemy](/w/Alchemy "Alchemy"), [Netracells](/w/Netracells "Netracells"), [Deep Archimedea](/w/Deep_Archimedea "Deep Archimedea")) • [Jade Shadows](/w/Jade_Shadows "Jade Shadows") ([Ascension](/w/Ascension "Ascension")) • [The Hex](/w/The_Hex_\(Quest\) "The Hex \(Quest\)") ([Hell-Scrub](/w/Hell-Scrub "Hell-Scrub"), [Legacyte Harvest](/w/Legacyte_Harvest "Legacyte Harvest"), [Faceoff](/w/Faceoff "Faceoff"), [Stage Defense](/w/Stage_Defense "Stage Defense"), [Technocyte Coda](/w/Technocyte_Coda "Technocyte Coda"), [Temporal Archimedea](/w/Temporal_Archimedea "Temporal Archimedea"))
Story and History

  1. ↑ The completion of Saya's Vigil is required to access [![](/images/thumb/TheQuillsSigil.png/32px-TheQuillsSigil.png?954cb)](/w/The_Quills "The Quills") [The Quills](/w/The_Quills "The Quills") syndicate, a prerequisite for starting Chains of Harrow quest in Arc 2.
  2. ↑ Prelude to War is a compilation of miniquests and cutscenes leading up to The New War.
  3. ↑ The completion of Duviri Paradox is required to start The Hex quest in Arc 4. Additionally, The Duviri Paradox has very interlinked story context to several critical characters in The New War.

[Events](/w/Category:Event "Category:Event")
---
| [Update 38.0](/w/Update_38#Update_38.0 "Update 38") (2024-12-13)  | [1999 ARG](/w/1999_ARG "1999 ARG")
---|---
[Update 36.0](/w/Update_36#Update_36.0 "Update 36") (2024-06-18)  | [Belly of the Beast](/w/Operation:_Belly_of_the_Beast "Operation: Belly of the Beast")
[Update 35.0](/w/Update_35#Update_35.0 "Update 35") (2023-12-13)  | [Gargoyle's Cry](/w/Operation:_Gargoyle%27s_Cry "Operation: Gargoyle's Cry")
[Update 34.0](/w/Update_34#Update_34.0 "Update 34") (2023-10-18)  | —
[Update 33.0](/w/Update_33#Update_33.0 "Update 33") (2023-04-26)  | —
[Update 32.0](/w/Update_32#Update_32.0 "Update 32") (2022-09-07)  | —
[Update 31.0](/w/Update_31#Update_31.0 "Update 31") (2021-12-15)  | [Zariman ARG](/w/Zariman_ARG "Zariman ARG")
[Update 30.0](/w/Update_30 "Update 30") (2021-04-13)  | —
[Update 29.0](/w/Update_29 "Update 29") (2020-08-25)  | [Nights of Naberus](/w/Nights_of_Naberus "Nights of Naberus") • [Orphix Venom](/w/Operation:_Orphix_Venom "Operation: Orphix Venom") • [Star Days](/w/Star_Days "Star Days")
[Update 28.0](/w/Update_28#Update_28.0 "Update 28") (2020-06-11)  | —
[Update 27.0](/w/Update_27#Update_27.0 "Update 27") (2019-12-13)  | [Scarlet Spear](/w/Operation:_Scarlet_Spear "Operation: Scarlet Spear")
[Update 26.0](/w/Update_26#Update_26.0 "Update 26") (2019-10-31)  | —
[Update 25.0](/w/Update_25#Update_25.0 "Update 25") (2019-05-22)  | [Hostile Mergers](/w/Operation:_Hostile_Mergers "Operation: Hostile Mergers")
[Update 24.0](/w/Update_24#Update_24.0 "Update 24") (2018-11-08)  | [Solaris United ARG](/w/Solaris_United_ARG "Solaris United ARG") • [Buried Debts](/w/Operation:_Buried_Debts "Operation: Buried Debts")
[Update 23.0](/w/Update_23#Update_23.0 "Update 23") (2018-06-15)  | [The Pyrus Project](/w/The_Pyrus_Project "The Pyrus Project")
[Update 22.0](/w/Update_22#Update_22.0 "Update 22") (2017-10-12)  | [Plague Star](/w/Operation:_Plague_Star "Operation: Plague Star")
[Update 21.0](/w/Update_21#Update_21.0 "Update 21") (2017-06-29)  | —
[Update 20.0](/w/Update_20#Update_20.0 "Update 20") (2017-03-24)  | [Ambulas Reborn](/w/Operation:_Ambulas_Reborn "Operation: Ambulas Reborn")
[Update 19.0](/w/Update_19#Update_19.0 "Update 19") (2016-11-11)  | [Infested Summer](/w/Infested_Summer "Infested Summer") • [Corpus Bust](/w/The_Corpus_Bust_Alerts "The Corpus Bust Alerts") • [The Index Preview](/w/The_Index "The Index") • [The Pacifism Defect](/w/Operation:_The_Pacifism_Defect "Operation: The Pacifism Defect")
[Update 18.0](/w/Update_18#Update_18.0 "Update 18") (2015-12-03)  | [Shadow Debt](/w/Operation:_Shadow_Debt "Operation: Shadow Debt") • [Rathuum](/w/Operation:_Rathuum "Operation: Rathuum") • [Proxy Retribution](/w/The_Proxy_Retribution_Bonus_Weekend "The Proxy Retribution Bonus Weekend")
[Update 17.0](/w/Update_17#Update_17.0 "Update 17") (2015-07-31)  | [Infested Nightmares](/w/Infested_Nightmares_Bonus_Weekend "Infested Nightmares Bonus Weekend") • [Proxy Rebellion](/w/The_Proxy_Rebellion_Bonus_Weekend "The Proxy Rebellion Bonus Weekend")
[Update 16.0](/w/Update_16#Update_16.0 "Update 16") (2015-03-19)  | [False Profit](/w/Operation:_False_Profit "Operation: False Profit") • [Tubemen of Regor](/w/Operation:_Tubemen_of_Regor "Operation: Tubemen of Regor")
[Update 15.0](/w/Update_15#Update_15.0 "Update 15") (2014-10-24)  | [Halloween](/w/Halloween_2014_Alert "Halloween 2014 Alert") • [Mutalist Incursions](/w/Operation:_Mutalist_Incursions "Operation: Mutalist Incursions") • [Eyes of Blight](/w/Operation:_Eyes_of_Blight "Operation: Eyes of Blight")
[Update 14.0](/w/Update_14#Update_14.0 "Update 14") (2014-07-18)  | [Avalanche Offensive](/w/Avalanche_Offensive "Avalanche Offensive") • [Cryotic Front](/w/Operation:_Cryotic_Front "Operation: Cryotic Front") • [Back To School](/w/Back_To_School_Special_Alert_Week "Back To School Special Alert Week") • [Gate Crash](/w/Operation:_Gate_Crash "Operation: Gate Crash")
[Update 13.0](/w/Update_13#Update_13.0 "Update 13") (2014-04-09)  | [Specters of Liberty](/w/Specters_of_Liberty "Specters of Liberty") • [Suspicious Shipments](/w/Suspicious_Shipments "Suspicious Shipments") • [Breeding Grounds](/w/Operation:_Breeding_Grounds "Operation: Breeding Grounds")
[Update 12.0](/w/Update_12#Update_12.0 "Update 12") (2014-02-05)  | [Ties That Bind](/w/Ties_That_Bind "Ties That Bind") • [Tethra's Doom](/w/Tethra%27s_Doom "Tethra's Doom")
[Update 11.0](/w/Update_11#Update_11.0 "Update 11") (2013-11-20)  | [The Hunt for Alad V](/w/The_Hunt_for_Alad_V "The Hunt for Alad V") • [A Favor For Darvo](/w/A_Favor_For_Darvo "A Favor For Darvo") • [The Cicero Crisis](/w/The_Cicero_Crisis "The Cicero Crisis") • [Oxium Espionage](/w/Operation:_Oxium_Espionage "Operation: Oxium Espionage")
[Update 10.0](/w/Update_10#Update_10.0 "Update 10") (2013-09-13)  | [The Gradivus Dilemma](/w/The_Gradivus_Dilemma "The Gradivus Dilemma")
[Update 9.0](/w/Update_9#Update_9.0 "Update 9") (2013-07-13)  | [Sling-Stone](/w/Operation_Sling-Stone "Operation Sling-Stone") • [Arid Fear](/w/Operation:_Arid_Fear "Operation: Arid Fear") • [Survival Weekend](/w/Survival_Weekend_Event "Survival Weekend Event")
[Update 8.0](/w/Update_8#Update_8.0 "Update 8") (2013-05-23)  | [Artifact Defense](/w/Artifact_Defense_Event "Artifact Defense Event") • [Informant](/w/Informant_Event "Informant Event")
[Update 7.0](/w/Update_7#Update_7 "Update 7") (2013-03-18)  | [Fusion MOA](/w/Fusion_MOA_Event "Fusion MOA Event")

[Seasonal](/w/Annual_Events "Annual Events") | Real-Life Tie-In  | [Lunar New Year](/w/Lunar_New_Year "Lunar New Year") • [Valentine's Day](/w/Valentine%27s_Day "Valentine's Day") • [St. Patrick's Day](/w/Annual_Events#St._Patrick's_Day "Annual Events") • [Easter](/w/Easter "Easter") • [Halloween](/w/Halloween "Halloween") • [Christmas](/w/Christmas "Christmas")
---|---|---
Charity  | [Conquera](/w/Conquera "Conquera") • [Movember](/w/Movember "Movember")
Game Themed  | [Star Days](/w/Star_Days "Star Days") (February) • [Dog Days](/w/Dog_Days "Dog Days") (Summer in Northern Hemisphere) • [Nights of Naberus](/w/Nights_of_Naberus "Nights of Naberus") (October)
Playerbase Dependent  | [Fomorian Sabotage](/w/Fomorian_Sabotage "Fomorian Sabotage") • [Razorback Armada](/w/Razorback_Armada "Razorback Armada")
Monthly  | [Ghoul Purge](/w/Ghoul_Purge "Ghoul Purge") • [Thermia Fractures](/w/Thermia_Fractures "Thermia Fractures")
Other  | [Belly of the Beast](/w/Operation:_Belly_of_the_Beast "Operation: Belly of the Beast") • [Plague Star](/w/Operation:_Plague_Star "Operation: Plague Star")

[Gift from the Lotus](/w/Gift_from_the_Lotus "Gift from the Lotus") •
[Tactical Alert](/w/Tactical_Alert "Tactical Alert") • [Operational
Supply](/w/Operational_Supply "Operational Supply") • [Event
Emblems](/w/Event_Emblems "Event Emblems")

### A

  * [A Favor For Darvo/Transcript](/w/A_Favor_For_Darvo/Transcript "A Favor For Darvo/Transcript")
  * [A Man of Few Words/Transcript](/w/A_Man_of_Few_Words/Transcript "A Man of Few Words/Transcript")
  * [Abyssal Zone/Quotes](/w/Abyssal_Zone/Quotes "Abyssal Zone/Quotes")
  * [Acolytes/Quotes](/w/Acolytes/Quotes "Acolytes/Quotes")
  * [Acrithis/Quotes](/w/Acrithis/Quotes "Acrithis/Quotes")
  * [Alad V/Quotes](/w/Alad_V/Quotes "Alad V/Quotes")
  * [Albrecht Entrati/Quotes](/w/Albrecht_Entrati/Quotes "Albrecht Entrati/Quotes")
  * [Amaryn/Quotes](/w/Amaryn/Quotes "Amaryn/Quotes")
  * [Ambulas/Quotes](/w/Ambulas/Quotes "Ambulas/Quotes")
  * [Amir/Quotes](/w/Amir/Quotes "Amir/Quotes")
  * [Angels of the Zariman/Transcript](/w/Angels_of_the_Zariman/Transcript "Angels of the Zariman/Transcript")
  * [Annihilation/Quotes](/w/Annihilation/Quotes "Annihilation/Quotes")
  * [Aoi/Quotes](/w/Aoi/Quotes "Aoi/Quotes")
  * [Apostasy Prologue/Transcript](/w/Apostasy_Prologue/Transcript "Apostasy Prologue/Transcript")
  * [Arbiters of Hexis/Quotes](/w/Arbiters_of_Hexis/Quotes "Arbiters of Hexis/Quotes")
  * [Arbitrations/Quotes](/w/Arbitrations/Quotes "Arbitrations/Quotes")
  * [Archimedean Yonta/Quotes](/w/Archimedean_Yonta/Quotes "Archimedean Yonta/Quotes")
  * [Archon Hunt/Quotes](/w/Archon_Hunt/Quotes "Archon Hunt/Quotes")
  * [Arn Etina/Quotes](/w/Arn_Etina/Quotes "Arn Etina/Quotes")
  * [Arthur/Quotes](/w/Arthur/Quotes "Arthur/Quotes")
  * [Assassination/Quotes](/w/Assassination/Quotes "Assassination/Quotes")
  * [Assault/Quotes](/w/Assault/Quotes "Assault/Quotes")
  * [Avalanche Offensive/Quotes](/w/Avalanche_Offensive/Quotes "Avalanche Offensive/Quotes")
  * [Awakening/Transcript](/w/Awakening/Transcript "Awakening/Transcript")

### B

  * [Ballas/Quotes](/w/Ballas/Quotes "Ballas/Quotes")
  * [Baro Ki'Teer/Quotes](/w/Baro_Ki%27Teer/Quotes "Baro Ki'Teer/Quotes")
  * [Barris/Quotes](/w/Barris/Quotes "Barris/Quotes")
  * [Bombastine/Quotes](/w/Bombastine/Quotes "Bombastine/Quotes")
  * [Boon/Quotes](/w/Boon/Quotes "Boon/Quotes")
  * [Bounty/Quotes](/w/Bounty/Quotes "Bounty/Quotes")
  * [Break Narmer/Quotes](/w/Break_Narmer/Quotes "Break Narmer/Quotes")
  * [Brimon/Quotes](/w/Brimon/Quotes "Brimon/Quotes")

### C

  * [Call of the Tempestarii/Transcript](/w/Call_of_the_Tempestarii/Transcript "Call of the Tempestarii/Transcript")
  * [Cambion Drift/Quotes](/w/Cambion_Drift/Quotes "Cambion Drift/Quotes")
  * [Captain Vor/Quotes](/w/Captain_Vor/Quotes "Captain Vor/Quotes")
  * [Capture/Quotes](/w/Capture/Quotes "Capture/Quotes")
  * [Cavalero/Quotes](/w/Cavalero/Quotes "Cavalero/Quotes")
  * [Cavia/Quotes](/w/Cavia/Quotes "Cavia/Quotes")
  * [Cephalon Apnar](/w/Cephalon_Apnar "Cephalon Apnar")
  * [Cephalon Capture/Quotes](/w/Cephalon_Capture/Quotes "Cephalon Capture/Quotes")
  * [Cephalon Cy/Quotes](/w/Cephalon_Cy/Quotes "Cephalon Cy/Quotes")
  * [Cephalon Jordas/Quotes](/w/Cephalon_Jordas/Quotes "Cephalon Jordas/Quotes")
  * [Cephalon Melica/Quotes](/w/Cephalon_Melica/Quotes "Cephalon Melica/Quotes")
  * [Cephalon Sark](/w/Cephalon_Sark "Cephalon Sark")
  * [Cephalon Simaris/Quotes](/w/Cephalon_Simaris/Quotes "Cephalon Simaris/Quotes")
  * [Cephalon Suda/Quotes](/w/Cephalon_Suda/Quotes "Cephalon Suda/Quotes")
  * [Cephalon Vull](/w/Cephalon_Vull "Cephalon Vull")
  * [Cetus/Quotes](/w/Cetus/Quotes "Cetus/Quotes")
  * [Chains of Harrow/Transcript](/w/Chains_of_Harrow/Transcript "Chains of Harrow/Transcript")
  * [Chimera Prologue/Transcript](/w/Chimera_Prologue/Transcript "Chimera Prologue/Transcript")
  * [Chipper/Quotes](/w/Chipper/Quotes "Chipper/Quotes")
  * [Choralyst/Quotes](/w/Choralyst/Quotes "Choralyst/Quotes")
  * [Clem/Quotes](/w/Clem/Quotes "Clem/Quotes")
  * [Comba/Quotes](/w/Comba/Quotes "Comba/Quotes")
  * [Corpus Commander/Quotes](/w/Corpus_Commander/Quotes "Corpus Commander/Quotes")
  * [Corpus Gas City/Quotes](/w/Corpus_Gas_City/Quotes "Corpus Gas City/Quotes")
  * [Corpus Ship/Quotes](/w/Corpus_Ship/Quotes "Corpus Ship/Quotes")
  * [Corpus Target/Quotes](/w/Corpus_Target/Quotes "Corpus Target/Quotes")
  * [Corpus/Quotes](/w/Corpus/Quotes "Corpus/Quotes")
  * [Councilor Vay Hek/Quotes](/w/Councilor_Vay_Hek/Quotes "Councilor Vay Hek/Quotes")
  * [Cressa Tal/Quotes](/w/Cressa_Tal/Quotes "Cressa Tal/Quotes")

### D

  * [Daily Tribute/Quotes](/w/Daily_Tribute/Quotes "Daily Tribute/Quotes")
  * [Darvo/Quotes](/w/Darvo/Quotes "Darvo/Quotes")
  * [Daughter/Quotes](/w/Daughter/Quotes "Daughter/Quotes")
  * [Defection/Quotes](/w/Defection/Quotes "Defection/Quotes")
  * [Defense/Quotes](/w/Defense/Quotes "Defense/Quotes")
  * [Disruption/Quotes](/w/Disruption/Quotes "Disruption/Quotes")
  * [Dog Days/Quotes](/w/Dog_Days/Quotes "Dog Days/Quotes")
  * [Dominus Thrax/Quotes](/w/Dominus_Thrax/Quotes "Dominus Thrax/Quotes")
  * [Dormizone](/w/Dormizone "Dormizone")
  * [Dormizone/Audioscape](/w/Dormizone/Audioscape "Dormizone/Audioscape")
  * [Drahk Master/Quotes](/w/Drahk_Master/Quotes "Drahk Master/Quotes")
  * [Drifter/Quotes](/w/Drifter/Quotes "Drifter/Quotes")
  * [Drusus/Quotes](/w/Drusus/Quotes "Drusus/Quotes")
  * [Duviri/Quotes](/w/Duviri/Quotes "Duviri/Quotes")

### E

  * [Eidolon Teralyst/Quotes](/w/Eidolon_Teralyst/Quotes "Eidolon Teralyst/Quotes")
  * [Eidolon/Quotes](/w/Eidolon/Quotes "Eidolon/Quotes")
  * [Eleanor/Quotes](/w/Eleanor/Quotes "Eleanor/Quotes")
  * [Empyrean/Quotes](/w/Empyrean/Quotes "Empyrean/Quotes")
  * [Entrati/Quotes](/w/Entrati/Quotes "Entrati/Quotes")
  * [Ergo Glast/Quotes](/w/Ergo_Glast/Quotes "Ergo Glast/Quotes")
  * [Erra (Character)/Quotes](/w/Erra_\(Character\)/Quotes "Erra \(Character\)/Quotes")
  * [Erra (Quest)/Transcript](/w/Erra_\(Quest\)/Transcript "Erra \(Quest\)/Transcript")
  * [Eudico/Quotes](/w/Eudico/Quotes "Eudico/Quotes")
  * [Excavation/Quotes](/w/Excavation/Quotes "Excavation/Quotes")
  * [Executor Tuvul/Quotes](/w/Executor_Tuvul/Quotes "Executor Tuvul/Quotes")
  * [Eximus/Quotes](/w/Eximus/Quotes "Eximus/Quotes")
  * [Exploiter Orb/Quotes](/w/Exploiter_Orb/Quotes "Exploiter Orb/Quotes")
  * [Exterminate/Quotes](/w/Exterminate/Quotes "Exterminate/Quotes")

### F

  * [Faceoff/Quotes](/w/Faceoff/Quotes "Faceoff/Quotes")
  * [Father/Quotes](/w/Father/Quotes "Father/Quotes")
  * [Fibonacci/Quotes](/w/Fibonacci/Quotes "Fibonacci/Quotes")
  * [Fisher Hai-Luk/Quotes](/w/Fisher_Hai-Luk/Quotes "Fisher Hai-Luk/Quotes")
  * [Flare/Quotes](/w/Flare/Quotes "Flare/Quotes")
  * [Fortuna/Quotes](/w/Fortuna/Quotes "Fortuna/Quotes")
  * [Fragments](/w/Fragments "Fragments")
  * [Fragments/Cephalon](/w/Fragments/Cephalon "Fragments/Cephalon")
  * [Fragments/Fish](/w/Fragments/Fish "Fragments/Fish")
  * [Fragments/Ghoul](/w/Fragments/Ghoul "Fragments/Ghoul")
  * [Fragments/Glass](/w/Fragments/Glass "Fragments/Glass")
  * [Fragments/Partnership](/w/Fragments/Partnership "Fragments/Partnership")
  * [Fragments/Revenant](/w/Fragments/Revenant "Fragments/Revenant")
  * [Fragments/Solaris United](/w/Fragments/Solaris_United "Fragments/Solaris United")
  * [Fragments/The Tenets](/w/Fragments/The_Tenets "Fragments/The Tenets")
  * [Frohd Bek/Quotes](/w/Frohd_Bek/Quotes "Frohd Bek/Quotes")

### G

  * [General Sargas Ruk/Quotes](/w/General_Sargas_Ruk/Quotes "General Sargas Ruk/Quotes")
  * [Ghoul Purge/Quotes](/w/Ghoul_Purge/Quotes "Ghoul Purge/Quotes")
  * [Grandmother/Quotes](/w/Grandmother/Quotes "Grandmother/Quotes")
  * [Granum Void/Quotes](/w/Granum_Void/Quotes "Granum Void/Quotes")
  * [Grineer Asteroid Fortress/Quotes](/w/Grineer_Asteroid_Fortress/Quotes "Grineer Asteroid Fortress/Quotes")
  * [Grineer Queens/Quotes](/w/Grineer_Queens/Quotes "Grineer Queens/Quotes")
  * [Grineer Target/Quotes](/w/Grineer_Target/Quotes "Grineer Target/Quotes")
  * [Grineer/Quotes](/w/Grineer/Quotes "Grineer/Quotes")

### H

  * [Hacking/SFX](/w/Hacking/SFX "Hacking/SFX")
  * [Heart of Deimos/Transcript](/w/Heart_of_Deimos/Transcript "Heart of Deimos/Transcript")
  * [Helminth/Quotes](/w/Helminth/Quotes "Helminth/Quotes")
  * [Hidden Messages/Transcript](/w/Hidden_Messages/Transcript "Hidden Messages/Transcript")
  * [Hijack/Quotes](/w/Hijack/Quotes "Hijack/Quotes")
  * [Hok/Quotes](/w/Hok/Quotes "Hok/Quotes")
  * [Hombask/Quotes](/w/Hombask/Quotes "Hombask/Quotes")
  * [Horrek/Quotes](/w/Horrek/Quotes "Horrek/Quotes")
  * [Howl of the Kubrow/Transcript](/w/Howl_of_the_Kubrow/Transcript "Howl of the Kubrow/Transcript")
  * [Hunhow/Quotes](/w/Hunhow/Quotes "Hunhow/Quotes")
  * [Hyekka Master/Quotes](/w/Hyekka_Master/Quotes "Hyekka Master/Quotes")

### I

  * [Infested Salvage/Quotes](/w/Infested_Salvage/Quotes "Infested Salvage/Quotes")
  * [Interception/Quotes](/w/Interception/Quotes "Interception/Quotes")
  * [Invasion/Quotes](/w/Invasion/Quotes "Invasion/Quotes")
  * [Isaah/Quotes](/w/Isaah/Quotes "Isaah/Quotes")
  * [Isolation Vault/Quotes](/w/Isolation_Vault/Quotes "Isolation Vault/Quotes")

### J

  * [Jackal/Quotes](/w/Jackal/Quotes "Jackal/Quotes")
  * [Jade Shadows/Transcript](/w/Jade_Shadows/Transcript "Jade Shadows/Transcript")
  * [Jarka/Quotes](/w/Jarka/Quotes "Jarka/Quotes")

### K

  * [Ka-Nuteru/Quotes](/w/Ka-Nuteru/Quotes "Ka-Nuteru/Quotes")
  * [Kahl's Garrison/Quotes](/w/Kahl%27s_Garrison/Quotes "Kahl's Garrison/Quotes")
  * [Kahl-175/Quotes](/w/Kahl-175/Quotes "Kahl-175/Quotes")
  * [Kavor Defector/Quotes](/w/Kavor_Defector/Quotes "Kavor Defector/Quotes")
  * [Kaya/Quotes](/w/Kaya/Quotes "Kaya/Quotes")
  * [Kela De Thaym/Quotes](/w/Kela_De_Thaym/Quotes "Kela De Thaym/Quotes")
  * [Kinemantik Instant Messenger/Amir](/w/Kinemantik_Instant_Messenger/Amir "Kinemantik Instant Messenger/Amir")
  * [Kinemantik Instant Messenger/Aoi](/w/Kinemantik_Instant_Messenger/Aoi "Kinemantik Instant Messenger/Aoi")
  * [Kinemantik Instant Messenger/Arthur](/w/Kinemantik_Instant_Messenger/Arthur "Kinemantik Instant Messenger/Arthur")
  * [Kinemantik Instant Messenger/Eleanor](/w/Kinemantik_Instant_Messenger/Eleanor "Kinemantik Instant Messenger/Eleanor")
  * [Kinemantik Instant Messenger/Leticia](/w/Kinemantik_Instant_Messenger/Leticia "Kinemantik Instant Messenger/Leticia")
  * [Kinemantik Instant Messenger/Quincy](/w/Kinemantik_Instant_Messenger/Quincy "Kinemantik Instant Messenger/Quincy")
  * [Kira/Quotes](/w/Kira/Quotes "Kira/Quotes")
  * [Konzu/Quotes](/w/Konzu/Quotes "Konzu/Quotes")
  * [Koral/Quotes](/w/Koral/Quotes "Koral/Quotes")
  * [Koumei's Shrine/Quotes](/w/Koumei%27s_Shrine/Quotes "Koumei's Shrine/Quotes")
  * [Kuva Guardian/Quotes](/w/Kuva_Guardian/Quotes "Kuva Guardian/Quotes")
  * [Kuva Lich/Quotes](/w/Kuva_Lich/Quotes "Kuva Lich/Quotes")
  * [Kuva Lich/Quotes/LichA](/w/Kuva_Lich/Quotes/LichA "Kuva Lich/Quotes/LichA")
  * [Kuva Lich/Quotes/LichB](/w/Kuva_Lich/Quotes/LichB "Kuva Lich/Quotes/LichB")
  * [Kuva Lich/Quotes/LichC](/w/Kuva_Lich/Quotes/LichC "Kuva Lich/Quotes/LichC")
  * [Kuva Lich/Quotes/LichD](/w/Kuva_Lich/Quotes/LichD "Kuva Lich/Quotes/LichD")

### L

  * [Legacyte Harvest/Quotes](/w/Legacyte_Harvest/Quotes "Legacyte Harvest/Quotes")
  * [Legs/Quotes](/w/Legs/Quotes "Legs/Quotes")
  * [Lephantis/Quotes](/w/Lephantis/Quotes "Lephantis/Quotes")
  * [Leticia/Quotes](/w/Leticia/Quotes "Leticia/Quotes")
  * [Leverian](/w/Leverian "Leverian")
  * [Lieutenant Lech Kril/Quotes](/w/Lieutenant_Lech_Kril/Quotes "Lieutenant Lech Kril/Quotes")
  * [Lieutenant Viktor Vodyanoi/Quotes](/w/Lieutenant_Viktor_Vodyanoi/Quotes "Lieutenant Viktor Vodyanoi/Quotes")
  * [Little Duck/Quotes](/w/Little_Duck/Quotes "Little Duck/Quotes")
  * [Lodun/Quotes](/w/Lodun/Quotes "Lodun/Quotes")
  * [Loid/Quotes](/w/Loid/Quotes "Loid/Quotes")
  * [Lotus/Quotes](/w/Lotus/Quotes "Lotus/Quotes")
  * [Lotus/Voice Packs](/w/Lotus/Voice_Packs "Lotus/Voice Packs")
  * [Lunaro/Quotes](/w/Lunaro/Quotes "Lunaro/Quotes")
  * [Luscinia/Quotes](/w/Luscinia/Quotes "Luscinia/Quotes")

### M

  * [Margulis/Quotes](/w/Margulis/Quotes "Margulis/Quotes")
  * [Maroo/Quotes](/w/Maroo/Quotes "Maroo/Quotes")
  * [Mask of the Revenant/Transcript](/w/Mask_of_the_Revenant/Transcript "Mask of the Revenant/Transcript")
  * [Master Teasonai/Quotes](/w/Master_Teasonai/Quotes "Master Teasonai/Quotes")
  * [Mastery Rank/Quotes](/w/Mastery_Rank/Quotes "Mastery Rank/Quotes")
  * [Mathila/Quotes](/w/Mathila/Quotes "Mathila/Quotes")
  * [Minerva/Quotes](/w/Minerva/Quotes "Minerva/Quotes")
  * [Mirror Defense/Quotes](/w/Mirror_Defense/Quotes "Mirror Defense/Quotes")
  * [Mobile Defense/Quotes](/w/Mobile_Defense/Quotes "Mobile Defense/Quotes")
  * [Mother/Quotes](/w/Mother/Quotes "Mother/Quotes")
  * [Mutalist Alad V/Quotes](/w/Mutalist_Alad_V/Quotes "Mutalist Alad V/Quotes")

### N

  * [Nakak/Quotes](/w/Nakak/Quotes "Nakak/Quotes")
  * [Natah (Quest)/Transcript](/w/Natah_\(Quest\)/Transcript "Natah \(Quest\)/Transcript")
  * [Natah/Quotes](/w/Natah/Quotes "Natah/Quotes")
  * [Necramech/SFX](/w/Necramech/SFX "Necramech/SFX")
  * [Nef Anyo/Quotes](/w/Nef_Anyo/Quotes "Nef Anyo/Quotes")
  * [New Loka/Quotes](/w/New_Loka/Quotes "New Loka/Quotes")
  * [Nights of Naberus/Quotes](/w/Nights_of_Naberus/Quotes "Nights of Naberus/Quotes")
  * [Nihil/Quotes](/w/Nihil/Quotes "Nihil/Quotes")
  * [Nora Night/Quotes](/w/Nora_Night/Quotes "Nora Night/Quotes")
  * [Nox/Quotes](/w/Nox/Quotes "Nox/Quotes")

### O

  * [Octavia's Anthem/Transcript](/w/Octavia%27s_Anthem/Transcript "Octavia's Anthem/Transcript")
  * [Old Man Suumbaat/Quotes](/w/Old_Man_Suumbaat/Quotes "Old Man Suumbaat/Quotes")
  * [Olvar D/Quotes](/w/Olvar_D/Quotes "Olvar D/Quotes")
  * [Once Awake/Transcript](/w/Once_Awake/Transcript "Once Awake/Transcript")
  * [Onkko/Quotes](/w/Onkko/Quotes "Onkko/Quotes")
  * [Operation Sling-Stone/Quotes](/w/Operation_Sling-Stone/Quotes "Operation Sling-Stone/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Ambulas Reborn/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Ambulas_Reborn/Quotes "Operation: Ambulas Reborn/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Arid Fear/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Arid_Fear/Quotes "Operation: Arid Fear/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Breeding Grounds/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Breeding_Grounds/Quotes "Operation: Breeding Grounds/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Buried Debts/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Buried_Debts/Quotes "Operation: Buried Debts/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Cryotic Front/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Cryotic_Front/Quotes "Operation: Cryotic Front/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Eyes of Blight/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Eyes_of_Blight/Quotes "Operation: Eyes of Blight/Quotes")
  * [Operation: False Profit/Quotes](/w/Operation:_False_Profit/Quotes "Operation: False Profit/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Gate Crash/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Gate_Crash/Quotes "Operation: Gate Crash/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Mutalist Incursions/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Mutalist_Incursions/Quotes "Operation: Mutalist Incursions/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Orphix Venom/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Orphix_Venom/Quotes "Operation: Orphix Venom/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Oxium Espionage/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Oxium_Espionage/Quotes "Operation: Oxium Espionage/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Plague Star/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Plague_Star/Quotes "Operation: Plague Star/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Rathuum/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Rathuum/Quotes "Operation: Rathuum/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Scarlet Spear/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Scarlet_Spear/Quotes "Operation: Scarlet Spear/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Shadow Debt/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Shadow_Debt/Quotes "Operation: Shadow Debt/Quotes")
  * [Operation: The Pacifism Defect/Quotes](/w/Operation:_The_Pacifism_Defect/Quotes "Operation: The Pacifism Defect/Quotes")
  * [Operation: Tubemen of Regor/Quotes](/w/Operation:_Tubemen_of_Regor/Quotes "Operation: Tubemen of Regor/Quotes")
  * [Operator/Quotes](/w/Operator/Quotes "Operator/Quotes")
  * [Orb Vallis/Quotes](/w/Orb_Vallis/Quotes "Orb Vallis/Quotes")
  * [Orbiter](/w/Orbiter "Orbiter")
  * [Orbiter/Radio](/w/Orbiter/Radio "Orbiter/Radio")
  * [Ordis/Quotes](/w/Ordis/Quotes "Ordis/Quotes")
  * [Orokin Vault/Quotes](/w/Orokin_Vault/Quotes "Orokin Vault/Quotes")
  * [Orphix (Mission)/Quotes](/w/Orphix_\(Mission\)/Quotes "Orphix \(Mission\)/Quotes")
  * [Otak/Quotes](/w/Otak/Quotes "Otak/Quotes")

### P

  * [Parvos Granum/Quotes](/w/Parvos_Granum/Quotes "Parvos Granum/Quotes")
  * [Patient Zero/Transcript](/w/Patient_Zero/Transcript "Patient Zero/Transcript")
  * [Pazuul/Quotes](/w/Pazuul/Quotes "Pazuul/Quotes")
  * [Phorid/Quotes](/w/Phorid/Quotes "Phorid/Quotes")
  * [Pip/Quotes](/w/Pip/Quotes "Pip/Quotes")
  * [Plains of Eidolon/Quotes](/w/Plains_of_Eidolon/Quotes "Plains of Eidolon/Quotes")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Banshee](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Banshee "Prime Access Trailer/Banshee")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Gara](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Gara "Prime Access Trailer/Gara")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Gauss](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Gauss "Prime Access Trailer/Gauss")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Grendel](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Grendel "Prime Access Trailer/Grendel")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Hildryn](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Hildryn "Prime Access Trailer/Hildryn")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Hydroid](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Hydroid "Prime Access Trailer/Hydroid")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Khora](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Khora "Prime Access Trailer/Khora")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Mirage](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Mirage "Prime Access Trailer/Mirage")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Nekros](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Nekros "Prime Access Trailer/Nekros")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Nidus](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Nidus "Prime Access Trailer/Nidus")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Oberon](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Oberon "Prime Access Trailer/Oberon")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Octavia](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Octavia "Prime Access Trailer/Octavia")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Protea](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Protea "Prime Access Trailer/Protea")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Revenant](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Revenant "Prime Access Trailer/Revenant")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Saryn](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Saryn "Prime Access Trailer/Saryn")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Valkyr](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Valkyr "Prime Access Trailer/Valkyr")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Vauban](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Vauban "Prime Access Trailer/Vauban")
  * [Prime Access Trailer/Wisp](/w/Prime_Access_Trailer/Wisp "Prime Access Trailer/Wisp")
  * [Profit-Taker Orb/Quotes](/w/Profit-Taker_Orb/Quotes "Profit-Taker Orb/Quotes")
  * [Pursuit/Quotes](/w/Pursuit/Quotes "Pursuit/Quotes")

### Q

  * [Quincy/Quotes](/w/Quincy/Quotes "Quincy/Quotes")
  * [Quinn/Quotes](/w/Quinn/Quotes "Quinn/Quotes")

### R

  * [Railjack/Crew/Quotes](/w/Railjack/Crew/Quotes "Railjack/Crew/Quotes")
  * [Railjack/Crew/Quotes/Arbiters of Hexis](/w/Railjack/Crew/Quotes/Arbiters_of_Hexis "Railjack/Crew/Quotes/Arbiters of Hexis")
  * [Railjack/Crew/Quotes/Cephalon Suda](/w/Railjack/Crew/Quotes/Cephalon_Suda "Railjack/Crew/Quotes/Cephalon Suda")
  * [Railjack/Crew/Quotes/New Loka](/w/Railjack/Crew/Quotes/New_Loka "Railjack/Crew/Quotes/New Loka")
  * [Railjack/Crew/Quotes/Red Veil](/w/Railjack/Crew/Quotes/Red_Veil "Railjack/Crew/Quotes/Red Veil")
  * [Railjack/Crew/Quotes/Steel Meridian](/w/Railjack/Crew/Quotes/Steel_Meridian "Railjack/Crew/Quotes/Steel Meridian")
  * [Railjack/Crew/Quotes/The Perrin Sequence](/w/Railjack/Crew/Quotes/The_Perrin_Sequence "Railjack/Crew/Quotes/The Perrin Sequence")
  * [Raptors/Quotes](/w/Raptors/Quotes "Raptors/Quotes")
  * [Rathuum/Quotes](/w/Rathuum/Quotes "Rathuum/Quotes")
  * [Razorback/Quotes](/w/Razorback/Quotes "Razorback/Quotes")
  * [Recovery/Quotes](/w/Recovery/Quotes "Recovery/Quotes")
  * [Red Veil/Quotes](/w/Red_Veil/Quotes "Red Veil/Quotes")
  * [Regulator/Quotes](/w/Regulator/Quotes "Regulator/Quotes")
  * [Relay/Quotes](/w/Relay/Quotes "Relay/Quotes")
  * [Rescue/Quotes](/w/Rescue/Quotes "Rescue/Quotes")
  * [Rising Tide/Transcript](/w/Rising_Tide/Transcript "Rising Tide/Transcript")
  * [Roky/Quotes](/w/Roky/Quotes "Roky/Quotes")
  * [Ropalolyst/Quotes](/w/Ropalolyst/Quotes "Ropalolyst/Quotes")
  * [Rude Zuud/Quotes](/w/Rude_Zuud/Quotes "Rude Zuud/Quotes")
  * [Rush (Archwing)/Quotes](/w/Rush_\(Archwing\)/Quotes "Rush \(Archwing\)/Quotes")

### S

  * [Sabotage/Quotes](/w/Sabotage/Quotes "Sabotage/Quotes")
  * [Sanctuary Onslaught/Quotes](/w/Sanctuary_Onslaught/Quotes "Sanctuary Onslaught/Quotes")
  * [Sands of Inaros/Transcript](/w/Sands_of_Inaros/Transcript "Sands of Inaros/Transcript")
  * [Saturn Six Fugitive/Quotes](/w/Saturn_Six_Fugitive/Quotes "Saturn Six Fugitive/Quotes")
  * [Saya's Vigil/Transcript](/w/Saya%27s_Vigil/Transcript "Saya's Vigil/Transcript")
  * [Saya's Visions/Quotes](/w/Saya%27s_Visions/Quotes "Saya's Visions/Quotes")
  * [Saya/Quotes](/w/Saya/Quotes "Saya/Quotes")
  * [Scrambus/Quotes](/w/Scrambus/Quotes "Scrambus/Quotes")
  * [Sentient/Quotes](/w/Sentient/Quotes "Sentient/Quotes")
  * [Shrine Defense/Quotes](/w/Shrine_Defense/Quotes "Shrine Defense/Quotes")
  * [Sigor Savah/Quotes](/w/Sigor_Savah/Quotes "Sigor Savah/Quotes")
  * [Silvana/Quotes](/w/Silvana/Quotes "Silvana/Quotes")
  * [Sisters of Parvos/Quotes](/w/Sisters_of_Parvos/Quotes "Sisters of Parvos/Quotes")
  * [Sisters of Parvos/Quotes/LichA](/w/Sisters_of_Parvos/Quotes/LichA "Sisters of Parvos/Quotes/LichA")
  * [Sisters of Parvos/Quotes/LichB](/w/Sisters_of_Parvos/Quotes/LichB "Sisters of Parvos/Quotes/LichB")
  * [Sisters of Parvos/Quotes/LichC](/w/Sisters_of_Parvos/Quotes/LichC "Sisters of Parvos/Quotes/LichC")
  * [Sisters of Parvos/Quotes/LichD](/w/Sisters_of_Parvos/Quotes/LichD "Sisters of Parvos/Quotes/LichD")
  * [Skirmish/Quotes](/w/Skirmish/Quotes "Skirmish/Quotes")
  * [Skittergirl/Quotes](/w/Skittergirl/Quotes "Skittergirl/Quotes")
  * [Smokefinger/Quotes](/w/Smokefinger/Quotes "Smokefinger/Quotes")
  * [Solaris United Agent/Quotes](/w/Solaris_United_Agent/Quotes "Solaris United Agent/Quotes")
  * [Son/Quotes](/w/Son/Quotes "Son/Quotes")
  * [Specters of Liberty/Quotes](/w/Specters_of_Liberty/Quotes "Specters of Liberty/Quotes")
  * [Sprag/Quotes](/w/Sprag/Quotes "Sprag/Quotes")
  * [Spy 1.0/Quotes](/w/Spy_1.0/Quotes "Spy 1.0/Quotes")
  * [Spy/Quotes](/w/Spy/Quotes "Spy/Quotes")
  * [Stalker/Quotes](/w/Stalker/Quotes "Stalker/Quotes")
  * [Star Days/Quotes](/w/Star_Days/Quotes "Star Days/Quotes")
  * [Steel Meridian/Quotes](/w/Steel_Meridian/Quotes "Steel Meridian/Quotes")
  * [Stolen Dreams/Transcript](/w/Stolen_Dreams/Transcript "Stolen Dreams/Transcript")
  * [Survival/Quotes](/w/Survival/Quotes "Survival/Quotes")
  * [Suspicious Shipments/Quotes](/w/Suspicious_Shipments/Quotes "Suspicious Shipments/Quotes")
  * [Sythel/Quotes](/w/Sythel/Quotes "Sythel/Quotes")

### T

  * [Team Annihilation/Quotes](/w/Team_Annihilation/Quotes "Team Annihilation/Quotes")
  * [Technocyte Coda/Quotes](/w/Technocyte_Coda/Quotes "Technocyte Coda/Quotes")
  * [Tenno/Quotes](/w/Tenno/Quotes "Tenno/Quotes")
  * [Teshin's Cave/Quotes](/w/Teshin%27s_Cave/Quotes "Teshin's Cave/Quotes")
  * [Teshin/Quotes](/w/Teshin/Quotes "Teshin/Quotes")
  * [Tethra's Doom/Quotes](/w/Tethra%27s_Doom/Quotes "Tethra's Doom/Quotes")
  * [The Archwing/Transcript](/w/The_Archwing/Transcript "The Archwing/Transcript")
  * [The Business/Quotes](/w/The_Business/Quotes "The Business/Quotes")
  * [The Cicero Crisis/Quotes](/w/The_Cicero_Crisis/Quotes "The Cicero Crisis/Quotes")
  * [The Deadlock Protocol/Transcript](/w/The_Deadlock_Protocol/Transcript "The Deadlock Protocol/Transcript")
  * [The Duviri Paradox/Transcript](/w/The_Duviri_Paradox/Transcript "The Duviri Paradox/Transcript")
  * [The Glast Gambit/Transcript](/w/The_Glast_Gambit/Transcript "The Glast Gambit/Transcript")
  * [The Gradivus Dilemma/Quotes](/w/The_Gradivus_Dilemma/Quotes "The Gradivus Dilemma/Quotes")
  * [The Grustrag Three](/w/The_Grustrag_Three "The Grustrag Three")
  * [The Hex (Quest)/Transcript](/w/The_Hex_\(Quest\)/Transcript "The Hex \(Quest\)/Transcript")
  * [The Holdfasts/Quotes](/w/The_Holdfasts/Quotes "The Holdfasts/Quotes")
  * [The Hunt for Alad V/Quotes](/w/The_Hunt_for_Alad_V/Quotes "The Hunt for Alad V/Quotes")
  * [The Index/Quotes](/w/The_Index/Quotes "The Index/Quotes")
  * [The Jordas Precept/Transcript](/w/The_Jordas_Precept/Transcript "The Jordas Precept/Transcript")
  * [The Jordas Verdict/Quotes](/w/The_Jordas_Verdict/Quotes "The Jordas Verdict/Quotes")
  * [The Law of Retribution/Quotes](/w/The_Law_of_Retribution/Quotes "The Law of Retribution/Quotes")
  * [The Limbo Theorem/Transcript](/w/The_Limbo_Theorem/Transcript "The Limbo Theorem/Transcript")
  * [The Lotus Eaters/Transcript](/w/The_Lotus_Eaters/Transcript "The Lotus Eaters/Transcript")
  * [The Maker/Transcript](/w/The_Maker/Transcript "The Maker/Transcript")
  * [The New Strange/Transcript](/w/The_New_Strange/Transcript "The New Strange/Transcript")
  * [The New War/Transcript](/w/The_New_War/Transcript "The New War/Transcript")
  * [The Perrin Sequence/Quotes](/w/The_Perrin_Sequence/Quotes "The Perrin Sequence/Quotes")
  * [The Pyrus Project/Quotes](/w/The_Pyrus_Project/Quotes "The Pyrus Project/Quotes")
  * [The Sacrifice/Transcript](/w/The_Sacrifice/Transcript "The Sacrifice/Transcript")
  * [The Second Dream/Transcript](/w/The_Second_Dream/Transcript "The Second Dream/Transcript")
  * [The Sergeant/Quotes](/w/The_Sergeant/Quotes "The Sergeant/Quotes")
  * [The Silver Grove/Transcript](/w/The_Silver_Grove/Transcript "The Silver Grove/Transcript")
  * [The Steel Path/Quotes](/w/The_Steel_Path/Quotes "The Steel Path/Quotes")
  * [The War Within/Transcript](/w/The_War_Within/Transcript "The War Within/Transcript")
  * [The Waverider/Transcript](/w/The_Waverider/Transcript "The Waverider/Transcript")
  * [Thermia Fractures/Quotes](/w/Thermia_Fractures/Quotes "Thermia Fractures/Quotes")
  * [Ticker/Quotes](/w/Ticker/Quotes "Ticker/Quotes")
  * [Ties That Bind/Transcript](/w/Ties_That_Bind/Transcript "Ties That Bind/Transcript")
  * [Treasurer/Quotes](/w/Treasurer/Quotes "Treasurer/Quotes")
  * [Tyl Regor/Quotes](/w/Tyl_Regor/Quotes "Tyl Regor/Quotes")

### V

  * [VERD-IE/Quotes](/w/VERD-IE/Quotes "VERD-IE/Quotes")
  * [Varzia/Quotes](/w/Varzia/Quotes "Varzia/Quotes")
  * [Veilbreaker/Transcript](/w/Veilbreaker/Transcript "Veilbreaker/Transcript")
  * [Velimir/Quotes](/w/Velimir/Quotes "Velimir/Quotes")
  * [Ven'kra Tel/Quotes](/w/Ven%27kra_Tel/Quotes "Ven'kra Tel/Quotes")
  * [Ventkids/Quotes](/w/Ventkids/Quotes "Ventkids/Quotes")
  * [Victory Plaza/Quotes](/w/Victory_Plaza/Quotes "Victory Plaza/Quotes")
  * [Void Angel/Quotes](/w/Void_Angel/Quotes "Void Angel/Quotes")
  * [Void Armageddon/Quotes](/w/Void_Armageddon/Quotes "Void Armageddon/Quotes")
  * [Void Cascade/Quotes](/w/Void_Cascade/Quotes "Void Cascade/Quotes")
  * [Void Flood/Quotes](/w/Void_Flood/Quotes "Void Flood/Quotes")
  * [Volatile/Quotes](/w/Volatile/Quotes "Volatile/Quotes")
  * [Vor's Prize/Transcript](/w/Vor%27s_Prize/Transcript "Vor's Prize/Transcript")
  * [Vox Solaris (Quest)/Transcript](/w/Vox_Solaris_\(Quest\)/Transcript "Vox Solaris \(Quest\)/Transcript")
  * [Vox/Quotes](/w/Vox/Quotes "Vox/Quotes")

### W

  * [Whispers in the Walls/Transcript](/w/Whispers_in_the_Walls/Transcript "Whispers in the Walls/Transcript")

### Z

  * [Zariman ARG/Transcript](/w/Zariman_ARG/Transcript "Zariman ARG/Transcript")
  * [Zariman Ten Zero/Quotes](/w/Zariman_Ten_Zero/Quotes "Zariman Ten Zero/Quotes")
  * [Zealoid Prelate/Quotes](/w/Zealoid_Prelate/Quotes "Zealoid Prelate/Quotes")
